I think it is worth spending a few minutes to talk, like we've like hand-waved around these generics. And if you look at how a mitt works, that like T and like extend string, number of symbol, those are generics. And they've been around and we've definitely like directly addressed them. So let's spend a minute or five or ten. Just talking a little bit about what they are at how they work, because like we're going to have to do some like magic with them in a heartbeat in order to kind of like solve that context issue that we had before. Right? So we should probably at least do our due diligence, right? Like it's a little deviating from reaction types, you have to a little bit of a type script. But when we start using them to solve our context problem that I set up for us, we're going to need them. So let's head over to the course website. We're going to have this section on generics. And I'm going to open up the TypeScript playground, which is just T.S. playground. And all this is, it looks like Visual Studio Code. A girl, fonts. And you can see that like I was clearly playing around. Like it saves your last thing, I was clearly playing around with template literals before. All right, you can see this is very similar. So I have this user. It's got a first name and last name in an age. We saw this earlier when I was struggling with the color conversion because the library is using. So I showed you already how I can do this. And that's super cool. But then we're talking a little bit more generics in a second. But like this is kind of one that I made for an action, which is it should take some kind of type in this case user. And user has these three keys. So say, hey, we've got some type that I'm going to hand you, just like we did with partial and omit before. And then we're going to say, also we're going to have another value. Now there's single letters, because that's the convention. Could you call this? Like you wouldn't have JavaScript very, you totally could. So we've got the type that we're passing in. And then this was a little trickier, right, which we're saying we got this other one called K, which stands for K, which needs to be one of the keys of T, which is the user that I passed in, and also a string. Which first name is, first name is a string, absolutely. And it is one of these keys. I, all I am going to say is for the years that I've been using TypeScript every time I saw one of these, I wanted to cry. And then one day I had to do something really complicated. And I just sat there and I pumped one out and it worked the first time. I don't know when you cross the chasm. I don't know how it happens. I will just say that this is a simple one. Like we can look at some more advanced ones later. If this stress is you out, that is an okay feeling, there's no need to have imposter syndrome. And then one day you will surprise you, hopefully. Like one day you will surprise yourself and just bust one out with like turneries and like conditionals in it. And it will do exactly what you want. And you will not know how you acquired the superpower. So understand this is a journey and don't feel stressed out. Like this is kind of why it's like a little bit of an aside. But the really cool thing is that it automatically looked at, okay cool, first name has to be a key on user. And then the payload automatically became the value on the user object. If I changed this to, you could say that automatically became a number. And this is great for usability. We saw it before, there is a trade-off between should you get all fancy like this or like would making three actions by hand have been better. If you are the maintainer of like react redux and you're trying to make a create action hook that generates the right type, this is where you live now. If you were the consumer of one of those libraries, like I will not doing this. I took one for right into the react types. And I don't know that I came back out the same person. All right, like you can do simpler version of these, but this is kind of the, and I put a lot of radio on like some really like wild stuff about even some of the implementation details and some of this stuff. But I'm mostly only going to touch lightly on it because it doesn't fit the heuristic of how I used it in my own production code base in the last like, yeah, six months to a year. There was a question that you had, why did it work for age? Let's bring this all back. As a number, the, and we said it was a string type. Age the key itself is a string. Right, the value, because it's almost the same syntax as a regular like accessing a value of an object in JavaScript, right, which is where saying go grab this key. It's very much like in JavaScript, if we said const. Right, in this case like the key is a string, the value is a number. So it's like why this, why age still works. The key age is definitely a string. It's a number that's a value. And this is getting go into the type user, grab the key age, and its value is a number for the payload. And this is just using the template literals that we saw before.