Tap-share component. All right, so this is a TypeScript component. And my challenge for you is to try to delineate what uniquely makes it a TypeScript component. Yeah. File extension is T.S. That's, yeah, that's about it. If I change the file extension on this file, it would go from a T.S. X to a J.S. X, and we go from TypeScript to JavaScript. And this is, again, one of the main points that I want to double down on, which is TypeScript tries its hardest to stay out of your way. Right? It just tries to be helpful. If you find yourself out of the box doing like a ton of typing, that's probably an anti-pattern. Right? Because TypeScript is going to do everything in this power to figure stuff out. So even in this, if we hover over name badge, you see that one. Right? It knows that this is a function that takes no arguments and returns a J.S. X element. Right? And so if I try to use, you know, some other function in J.S. X, it wouldn't work because it knows it's not returning a J.S. X element. It knows that this is a valid React component. That's a function. Right? It just figure that all out on its own. Even if I hover over any of these elements, I kind of get the types. And yeah, they look like a bit much. But if you squint, you can mostly figure out what's going on as I hover over that, like section, right? It's an HTML element, right? Cool, cool, cool. Of the section type, so on and so forth. Class names, you can see they can be a string or undefined. You're going to mostly try to use the inspiration of what the typing and react is already done for you, to kind of like figure out what something should be. Now, that's it. This is, you know, not only is this both a TypeScript, as well as a JavaScript component, I guess technically, if it wasn't for class name, it was just class, it would also be like almost HTML, right? So like to say like, oh, they're almost the same. It's a little disingenuous because we haven't really done anything with this yet. So there are obviously, like, usually some kind of react component either, take some kind of state or props, right? That's a thing. Otherwise, you would just handcraft HTML. And that is the case here as well. So for instance, we could throw in a prop, put a name for instance. And you can see that type, so you have to start into the language. That's good. I need it, anger with me. So I have strict mode turned on for the entirety of this workshop. And if you're migrating a code base, you might still choose to use strict mode. You might choose not to, but like, for the purposes, especially if I was learning, like, having all the rules in place makes sense. And so the first thing is that name has implicitly in any type. It has an any type, any is like, I don't know, yellow, right? And what is saying is like, can you tell me what name is supposed to be, so I make sure it has all the methods? And if you look right now with name, if I put a dot after it, like, I get nothing. However, I can say, okay, like, here are the prop types. And like, a lot of times in regular JavaScript, you don't have to use that library called PropTipes, but you can do have like, react check to make sure like, hey, you said name was supposed to be a string. Is this a string? Because like, most of us have encountered what was previous and known as like, undefined is not a function. Or you call on a ray method on null or something along those lines. Most of the errors in our applications are type errors, right? And so having something to run and check, but TypeScript was able to figure out the return value of this, but it doesn't know what is eventually going to get passed in just by reading the code. Now, that's something that happens in practice. So whatever TypeScript can figure out for you, it does. You don't have to worry about it. However, anything that TypeScript can't figure out, you got to be a friend. You got to help out, right? And so we can basically just say, alright, cool. It's an object and name is a string. And now TypeScript is happy again. You can see the application T.S.X is immediately upset with me. Alright, good. Like, it ought to be upset with me. I told it that the name badge takes a name, and I didn't give it a name in here. So I can go. Cool. You can save that. And now, everything, I didn't even need to save for all those errors to happen. As I typed, all this checking was going on. I don't have to flip back to my browser, see it crash, go, oh, look at the console log. Get yelled at, or sometimes, like, in development mode and react, it'll show it to you. But I don't have to do that. I can instantly see tabs or changing colors. If I had the sidebar open, stuff would change colors there as well. It becomes really easy, like, once you get used to just kind of following the flow. Right? Especially if you're doing a refactor, which is sometimes perilous. Especially if you don't have great unit tests, of course, you have great unit tests. Everyone has great unit tests, right? Having something immediately telling you, the first time that you're using TypeScript, and you get all the red squiggly, easy to go away, and then you flip over your browser, and you're, like, big refactor just worked, it all pays off. All right. So this, if this looks confusing it to you at all, like, in TypeScript, a simpler version would be like, it's just the type of that argument, right? And so you can see this is takes a number of returns a number. I could specify that it returns a number as well. I don't need to. I do this actually a lot, though, in a lot of my helper functions, because sometimes I accidentally don't have a conditional or something along those lines. So sometimes it would be like, don't ever return undefined or void, in this case. Like, make sure I get a number out of this. I will sometimes type the return argument to keep myself honest. But if you don't, typeScript will just look at the function and figure it out. So this kind of set of curly braces over here is the same as doing, like, changing this is just props. Here as well, right? Everything is the same idea. It's just regular typeScript for a function, and everything works as expected. The other cool part is now that knows it's a string. The only methods that show up here are string methods. Right? So immediately, not only am I getting the safety, and like, all the checking my very complicated app as you can see. But on top of that, like, my life is now more convenient. Because there's like, I've been doing this now for a really long time. There's a few methods that I will still never remember, like, which one's which? Right? Unshift versus like, push and shift and pop. Like, pop and push I got, unshift and shift, like, never. Right? And so like, remembering all of those and like, even some of the new ones that are all like, which strings have includes, that includes versus contains, on never remember which one's on which. And the nice part is because I mean, in TypeScript, I don't ever have to learn. Right? Cause my editor and my compiler will just tell me. I think this is what when I started writing Ruby and JavaScript and people who come in from, like, real programming languages, would say, like, oh, like, strongly type languages are better. I think I now know what they mean, like, a decade later. So we have all of this in place, everything kind of works. And that's pretty great. Now, be clear. This works like, because this is a pretty standard function, right? If I did something like, if you look at this function now, well, it's like, well, this could return to JS element or no, right? And like, if that's what you want, that's great. Cause now, typeScript will like, know that this function depending on how it's called, you can turn one or the other, right? If, however, you are writing something the first time, I will do this a lot, which is, I will say, no, no, no, like, make sure I return to JS X element at which point. It's like, hey, there is some condition here where you don't, right? And for me, this saves how many unites have you ever written, which are just like, okay, this function is supposed to take a string, but like, what happens if I pass and find what happens if a number comes in? What? Like, there's so many unites that we write. And so, one of, you know, one of the many other, like, things that we're going to try to pitch to you over our time together is sometimes, yes, this is a little more work than just playing fast and loose, which I've ascript, but oftentimes the number of unites that you save yourself, that you totally were going to write, or bugs in production, really, will are cut down drastically, right? And if you're like, I do these things all the time, just think of you at least favor teammate. Cool. So we have that all in place. So what we can do now is figure out, like, what does it mean to, like, navigate from, like, these props and stuff along those lines? Like, there were other ways to do this, right? There were prop types. If we look at, over here at this control panel, which I'm not really using, it makes what this is a JavaScript file, j sx. And two things to point out is, I could import this file just fine. So if you're worried about migrating, react app from JavaScript to TypeScript. Like, once you have the basic TypeScript set up, there's a property in the TS config called AllowJS. Does anyone want to venture a wild guess what that does? Yeah. It allows JS, right? And so, one of the things that we could do, one of the things that we could do, one thing that we're going to have, you do, is kind of, we're going to try to transition this file from JavaScript to TypeScript. So two major things, one is that if you have prop types already kind of set up, it's fairly easy to do. Two is that we know that JavaScript and TypeScript can live together pretty nicely. It's a little trickier when the TypeScript file is importing the JavaScript file to be totally honest because like everything is in any type, but that's kind of like you were just working with JavaScript. They can integrate nicely and then two converting is fairly easy. Mark. There's a couple of questions and chat around set up and configuration of TypeScripts. Yeah. Let's see. Like, are we using create react app? I am using create react app because I feel like it's a common standard denominator. And are there any configuration things you tend to use in TypeScript? Yeah. I will show you just kind of the basic one that I use. Okay. So this is, you know, I can't remember if this is when it comes to create react app or there's a lot of paste from another project. I actually just made my own template because I do enough of these. This one I don't normally keep on if I'm starting a new project, which is a loud JS because if I'm starting fresh, I don't need to like create a future migration problem for myself. But this is, you know, the most of these are kind of a standard, right? Sometimes you might want to target like a later version of JavaScript, but ES5 is pretty safe. The, you know, obviously we're using JSX. Let's see what else is kind of unique and important. But these are mostly standard. I almost always keep strict mode on because when I don't, and then I decide to turn it on later, I then have to make things in strict mode. So some of these, I think these are very like safe defaults. This one up here lets you just import react instead of like star from react, which you might seen in some TypeScript blog posts. So like instead, yeah, if it doesn't have a default export, you can just, it thickens it up for you. These are kind of most of the cases like this is nice too, which is like, if you have a case statement and you exhaust all the different options, right? You don't have to do the default thing. It will like figure all that out for you. Again, like stuff like strict mode, I might turn off of a migrating app, right? A loud JS, I might turn on if I'm migrating app. But like generally speaking, this is a setup to raise. Yeah, there is another question around being able to run from the command line and see, you know, kind of all the TypeScript errors through your projects. Yeah, so like the panning on you set up. So if you're using the Vite or like a modern version of Webpack and you have the server running, like you will see them, right? I just could see them in the editor, so I didn't, but like for instance, let's take this out. And now the editor knows immediately that I have a problem. Oh, we got to change over. We got to save that file. So you'll notice that like I didn't see the error immediately in my web server because I didn't save all those files. So the web server knows when you save the file, your editor knows immediately, which is also kind of nice during a refactor, right? Like that it will still be up and running and like solve all the red squiggly and then go take a look, but you will see it in your terminal as well across your entire app, not just the file that you're looking at.