One thing that I don't know we should implement live, let's do it like at least the theoretical part, because when I explain this to you later, you'll find out why. Type script, 4.something, instead of 10-blit-literals in JavaScript, right, so you can do like, and then you do, and you put a variable in there, right? So TypeScript added the super powerful thing, which is the ability to do that with your type definitions. So I could say type, and this is still somewhat limited. I long for a day where this is better, and this is way better than when I did this course last time. So like, I can like, my longing is not from nowhere. All right, so I could say that it's a string that starts with a hash code, without a hash tag, right? And now this will only accept strings to start with that, which if they use that in their type system for this library, granted, it's not like relatively new type screen features, yeah, it's totally safe to use it for libraries. For your own code, totally safe to use. What TypeScript added in 4.64.7 was it used to be, you could only put other string types in there. The crazy thing that, and this is the thing I use in my code as well, is, so who wanna say like RGB string, like the one that like CSS respects, brand new in like the last few months, is ability to do like something like this, RGB, and we get to do number in here, right? Now, the only problem is we know that RGBs are supposed to be like maxed out at 255, like you can't do a number range, or anything like that. But you could make, okay, now it has to be a string that matches like this general pattern, which is new-ish, right? And this is not true of last time we did this workshop, and it's super powerful as well. And yes, at one point, did I try to make a union type of 0 through 9 ABCDEF, hashtag, and then six of those, I did try to do that. The number of type complexity that creates, got types to get to say absolutely not, right? And so you are somewhat limited. You could say that it is like six, you could say this is a string that starts with a hashtag, you could say that it's this, and it could be any number, you're still somewhat limited. But where this is really useful, is like you saw like those action types I was creating, like what I could do, see how this is like update hex color, update RGB color, right? I could say that like, is, so let's say we had, color formats, I don't know. And we said it was RGB hex, HSL, HSP, right? I think those ones I have. What I could do is say that my valid action types are, and I use this all the time in actions. So if you look at this, it is now all of those made on the fly for me, right? So I don't have to type them all. The camera can't see the face is facing me, but I can see them. Some of the power and convenience, so like for like a lot of stuff, like getting a resource and it's like requested, loaded, error or loading, you can like automatically have these templates you're kind of using and like generate a bunch of these string types automatically. And like particularly actually in this use case, I use this a lot, right? I will use it for like all sorts of different statuses and stuff along those lines where I can expect something. So like something like this, is to reuse one of the problem is, like we saw with that, like we have value as number, however like nothing, nothing, this type that I made, like those color inputs are now gonna give me this type, right? And so you would have to write something like this to check it all the time. So it's why we're not totally gonna go all the way down this road, but I do wanna tell you that this road exists. And so we can do like, is hex color, and we'll take some string, right? So we wanna assist us the string in the very beginning and I can say return starts with hash, which is really the only thing that makes this true. And then if this is a bullying return, right? Normally, right? It's a returns a bullying. What I can do is say, and it's basically type of a saying, if you validate that this is the right type, I will believe you, right? And so if it's like, yo, that string was totally had a hash tag at the beginning, right? I like, this just says it's a string because of the type system, I don't really know. You can write this logic and now if something goes in, right? It will tell you that this is the actual type that you wanna use, right? And so you can say like, hey, type source, like I'm not sure you're like, let me check, it is, and it'll be like, okay, cool, cool, this is a hex color, I'll treat it like that for now on. Super, super powerful. I use this like, especially when getting JSON data back from APIs, right? Where it could be anything? And I wanna insist as a certain type throughout my code base, when I get that API request back in, I will do a bunch of these checks and cast it to their correct type based on these like super unit tested, you know, this is a powerful tool so if you just like, if this returns true, I can cast anything, I want to anything, right? But I can go ahead and if I really don't know what something is, like, if it could be an array or could be a string or something like that, that's where unknown comes in. Where it makes no assumptions, you figure out everything in the Thunderdome over here and then like whatever comes out will be the type that it uses. So that mistake gave us an interesting aside, which I'm, what call it a total win? But yeah, so now I think I already validated everything worked. But yeah, there are little things that can go wrong and sometimes the type system is not gonna totally help you, but there are also techniques that you can do, right? That will save you from some of these headaches. You just kinda have to step in. If you work with types of, like, types of code of code you'll call it that for me. If I'd be like, yo, when I set this state, which is eventually with those other things, took that value and tried to convert it into something, it was like, it was a library code that was crashing, not mine. It was my mistake, but it was a library code that was crashing. But I could say, yo, never let a string add a here to this not start with a hashtag. I could definitely have type scripts help me with that, right? Using the technique that I just showed you.