So then the challenge I'm going to give to you is, I don't want to show you just one quote. I will let you show some number of quotes. See, the portion is false. If I put this part back in, we can see we get this fun form on the number of quotes to load. I want to remove this one because they're all going to show in here eventually. Or we will put them in there. We can iterate through them. So the real you why I want is this fun form. I don't know, should I load? Where I can specify a number of quotes that I want and hit the endpoint that pulls in that many quotes. Right? So this will be in a array of quotes instead. There will be some differences in how this all plays out for us. Why don't you take it first spin and then we'll come back together and review some of the slightly variations on a theme that we get when we're doing it with an array versus just one value. Okay, so the mission, whether or not you choose to accept it, was to swap out a getting a single quote for getting multiple quotes. Now, there is a for, for careful eagle eyes or the button for loading the quotes. So I don't need this use effect anymore. Your body use effect. Nothing like more than think about it use effect. Also, very important technical change. There we go. And this is no longer valid. Now, one of the nice things that I can do with collections. Putting an array. That works, right? Like, I'm setting you up. It works in JavaScript. It doesn't. Like, well, that one I'm getting out of that because the quote doesn't exist anymore. And I'm not using it. But like, if I try to use it, I try to use anything on it. Right? So if I said like quotes.map, and then I will grab the individual quote. And I definitely shouldn't delete it that code earlier that had that. But we'll rewrite it. And we'll say return inspirational quote. And I got to add the key anyway. Quote.id. And you can see where this is going to start following a part of me. Immediately, it's like, yo, you ain't got no idea on a quote. You're like, I absolutely do. I saw the type. And it's like, I don't. So let's just put the rest of the content. That is filling in the props because it knows what the props of inspirational quote the component are. So again, I don't. If there's one reason beyond all of the safety and the good and the bugs you won't have is not having to remember what props you gave a component, particularly when you're live coding. But also in your normal day-to-day life is worth it. Like, I. For every work project I use TypeScript. But even when I'm like working on a course that's only JavaScript, I will write the App and TypeScript first. Like that is the person I have become over the last like four years. Is I will write in TypeScript first and then I will simplify it to. To JavaScript afterwards, because it is that much. The benefits are that worth it to me. Cool. So I'm getting yelled at. And if I hover over, I can see why. Quote is this type is an array of never. All right, which again, when I start a heavy metal band, we'll be our first album. You can, you know, I'll get a soundcloud between now and then. And array of never. And because it's like, yo, you said you gave me an array. That's it. That's it. I don't know anything else about this array. And so never is like, the sum. Like any has like two like siblings that are both they seem scarier than any. But are ultimately less bad. Like there's like some kind of like fiction that I could write about all this. Like if anyone is in the market for TypeScript fiction, I. Let me know. So there's any, which means it could be anything. There is unknown, which is almost always what you want. If you think you want any, which is like, I don't know what this is. Which then says like figure it out before you use it instead of infecting everything. And then there is the bottom, which is never, which is this isn't anything. Right? And so it's looking at this array and goes like, if there was stuff in this array, it would be like, it's an array of those things. It's an empty array. So it's an array of nothingness. So the array of never. So the easiest way to handle that is exactly how we handled it before. And so we can basically say, this is an array of quotes. There is a version of me. If anyone finds like possibly even my current code base in the open source right. Why I used to make pluralized versions of every type that were the array of that type. I know longer do that. The one character just wasn't worth it. So quote, and we say that it isn't a ring. And now even though there's no quotes in it, it knows it's the right thing. I'm no longer being yelled at. Right? I just had a help type script along the way. And then in exchange, TypeScript helped me. And it now knows that like it has these properties so on and so forth. Right? And like it all compiles as you can see down there. I do need to like fetch these quotes at some point. But like that's a that's a later me problem. Because I have a new problem that I have to deal with. For reasons that are mostly a set up to have to explain something to you. You'll notice that the button is not in this component. It's in this quotes plural component that I have to go into. Right? And there we have our on submit or we can have an on submit. But there we have the full form in which I can load quotes. So I have the age old problem in React, which is I have to pass down everything I need from the parent component to the child components. Right? And there are a bunch of ways that I could do this. I could like wrap set quotes in a function and pass it down. But like I could just pass set quotes down through. As well and that's you know or I could theoretically it takes an on submit. I have multiple ways that I could deal with this. The tricky part like not really the tricky part would figuring out is like what is this type. And there are a bunch of ways to do this one like there's nothing wrong with stealing this type. This looks somewhat like confusing but again like I said before. Use status of a wrapper over user do so. And so it's just a special and very simple object which is whatever the new state is and updating that accordingly. So I can have all that in place and then I can pass that down if I need to or anything that happens along the way and set that all up. Right? And so for instance I could just pass in. I could pass down to direct value. I'm going to pass in that on submit handle that we saw before. I can just go and say. So the count should be we need to store the count figure how many to get. Now that could happen in either component we'll pass down the on submit. Oh but I need the count too right like that's interesting. As if he sees as that with some amount of surprise right so I could pass down the whole set quotes or I could figure out one way or the other. I could move I either lift my state up. And I have counts in that higher level component right which will now trigger a render of everything. When ever like that count changes because now every parent then re-renders all of its children right so that's a great for state management and yeah I'm not worried about performance in this application but like. What if I needed to actually pass through like I could also pass down set quotes too. And then we get the challenge figuring out how to type this. Right so pass this through. And so what type oh this is currently in any right on purpose. To show you that like nothing got yelled at as soon as I did that right like it's like you're passing random props in anything you want. One anywhere and like now all of these guess what any any everything is now in any even if it could guess what it was yeah. What do they have any if it's something you shouldn't even use so I mean if you pull in a JavaScript library. Right and it doesn't have types you need something right you need you need the concept of an any just for us yeah while we're working through. Yeah exactly right like it is it is a situation because JavaScript happens to predate type script right that you could run into. And so I think it's really great for migrating but I would say that like once you know there are even yes link plugins like an our code base we have any yes link plugin we can't even use any if you wanted to. Right to make sure that like yeah because like anything it touches like even if you had a if you had a function that took is like yo I only take a number. Right you can pass in any in there. I guess what that value is now what guess what the return value is now to is in any like everything in any touches turns everything else along the way into an any. Which is not great. So we'll say type. Quotes props. And well we know we don't need to put the children in there right this is like pulling everything like it's like a review. We know that count if we're going to pass count in apparently we can do that let's do that one count will be a number go different we'll see both ways in a second I'm not going to pass I'll do both ways we'll see it. On change we know how to handle this is like everything coming together. We know that's on an input element which you know it can go verify as well we know that there is a. We'll do this for us I'll show you if I needed to pass in the other thing. I'm going to do this for a moment. And like I said like I am so happy I don't have to do this all for memory and if you're stressed out looking at like how does he know all these things I don't. You're you're deliberately using the autocomplete and the intelligence to help me here. And then children we we know that we have an answer for that as well so if I just did quotes props. All right it's like yo what about children I could add it and there's a react node but as we saw before I can do. And now let's see say that all we got. Doesn't know what event is here or on changes right because that's wrong. But like that caught the bug I remember when I was like going to this before I was like oh that's wrong like. Yeah I would like to be notified about it. You have to believe me that's the purpose I did. Cool and so that passes in I immediately found that little bug that would have bitten me at some point or another like it would have been like yo there is no on change and you call it as a function I would have found it at runtime. And then we wanted to say. In this point we are passing in count and we'll do both ways. The fault count to 10. And so you can see like as I do this refactor I will know when I am good. Because the like my sidebar and the red square is will tell me so it's like count needs to be a number in this case. And then I don't really care about on change right I don't really have anything for that. So we're going to make that optional as a second as we pull everything together. And so here we'll say. That set count our set. Fetch the quotes. That takes a number right and so this refactor becomes super easy as I go through and then we'll. Set quotes. You still make little mistakes especially if you're talking and coding and like I roughly get that everything is going to work as expected. Yeah, I was about to say my own change would yell at me on change is missing in the type. And so like I don't need that per say and. If it feels like I am like reinventing parts of HTML that's a good feeling we'll talk about that. So we'll save that and everything compiles right let's verify. Cool other than some mark up changes I think I've a double. I can get rid of that. Piece that I left in there from earlier. And everything works.