All right, let's take a tour of this new app together and check it out. So, there's a lot of functionality that still needs to be added in. For instance, you can see the RGB values. You can't change them because there's no action set up for that yet. Wow, imagine that. In a perfect world, you could click any of these colors and switch it into the main color. You can save colors. What is this one called? 24-carot. In memory until you refresh the page. But like generally speaking, it's got the accrued chamomots of, you know, full app that needs the implementation. Things it does have is stored somewhere a list of 6,000 different color names. So if you happen to come across one of the colors that has a name, because there's billions of colors, right? Like if you come across one of the 6,000 has a name, it will show you the name. And this color input definitely works. I don't want to talk about how much time I spent doing this looking for a color. It's not important. These are two of the names colors. So 1989, Miami Hotline was the name of a color. That's what that one is. Blue Fire and 24-carot were some of the more delightful color names that I found. But, you know, if you get board later, can you scroll around looking for colors and see which ones have names? You absolutely could. We should talk later about what you do with your free time, but it's an option. And I can't judge you because it's what I do with my free time. So we have the input field. We have some amount of a reducer set-up. So let's take a look at that. And then what we're going to try to do is kind of get at least either A, these inputs or B, clicking on one of these buttons to work, is kind of be a little bit of a choose your own adventure. Like eventually, you know, we should probably have both working. But like, oh, yeah, well, I've choice time as well. So let's take a look at the app. Right now it's using U-State. So we got to actually change this out for a user-docer in a hot minute. But like first, let's set up some of those actions for ourselves. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new file. Let's call it. Color, and it's going to have the, let's call it color reducer. You just be a TS. We're not going to run a TSX in there. Now, the one setting that I have turned on, which is good for normal, which is like it doesn't like when I just have empty files. So that will go away in a heartbeat. Let's talk about really, if we only worried about like the RGB colors and the hex colors, which we can figure out some abstractions for doing better stuff in a little bit, let's, what would that look like? So we can have type update call up. Update color action, and that's going to take the equal sign. That's an action that's going to take, let's call it. Update hex color. And it's payload. Like, there are some tricks that we can see later for like ways to get even a better type here. We look at template with a little slater, but like, as I say, hex color is right now a string. Right, so now we've got like a little bit more of a like full on like. Put that x4 to keep things happy. Let's say it was make one more like could you go ahead and like did I later in a pre-baked thing make. Hsv HSL all the other color ones yes absolutely. But let's just do a simple one for now. Type and we'll say, and like I'm not even super worried about like mis-type even because I know that like the mistake won't bite me later because like we'll have a lot of complete on these two types. I will need to fix it because I don't need to embarrass myself during code review. But here we are. RGB and we're going to say that takes an array of three values. You could just say number number number. And what's cool about this is that like type script knows that you're not just going to give it an array of numbers. You're going to give it a array of three numbers. Right, because an array of numbers could be a array of one number and a array of 25 different numbers. Right, this is a number number number. Right, like in a lot of ways is either two pull or a couple depending which way you like to say it. Like you can have a string of you can have an array of, oh, it could be a string or a Boolean or a number. But if you say in the brackets string Boolean number is expecting an array with the first element is a string. The second one is a Boolean and the third one is a number. Right, and this is you know a powerful way. Why are we using an array for RGB? Because the library that I'm using to come up with the hex colors and do all the conversion that is not Appropo to the actual thing that we're trying to learn here takes an array. So, and there's ways to like, you know, you saw me use that return value before. Could I have like pulled in the RGB function and done like return value of that function I could have done that as well? It will do later if I feel like it. But for now, that's you know, that's how this works. So we've got that in place. What is my color state like right now? We're going to say that everything is based on the hex color because why? Because the input color field that is built into the DOM gives you back a hex code as it's a vent target value. So that's simply a good enough place to like base our color state on. So color, color, state, color state, or just color, text color is going to be that string. And cool, our initial state. I don't have a like a favorite hex color. I'll just have to drop the top my head, maybe I'd do. Initial state should be of the type color state. And this is mostly to keep me honest because like I define this. I just want to make sure the next thing I write particularly while I'm live coding is the right shape because it's going to otherwise guess, based on whatever I type in here. So, you want to have a favorite hex color? That seems like you're good enough, HX Color. B, A, D, A, D, A, A, A, A. Just for viewers at home, watching this later, that was Mark the Funder and CEO of front-end house. There's, uh, so just FYI, um, cool. So we've got that in place. Uh, we'll make a color reducer, which is going to take stuff that we saw me kind of like riffing on earlier. The state is going to be some kind of color state. And I could say that by default, it should be the initial state. And like I liked, like, do I need to do both as you've all learned? I do not. Well, you may add. Oh, yeah, because if you use curly braces, it thinks it's an object. Um, the initial state. And I like to do both because I don't trust myself, honestly. Right. This is kind of like, it will, like, cause times people try to help in infertions. Sometimes I don't want that. Sometimes I want to like, triple check everything because like, especially while live-goating. Right. And we'll have an action. That is either going to be the type update hex color action or a color color action, in this case. Um, I think we should call it hex color action. That will change it both places. Cool. And, or it is the type update RGB color action. Right. And so we've got that in place. We'll say if I was like, do I try to write another switch statement, even though I never write switch statements, I'm late now. It's not the time for that. Uh, we'll say, oh, look at that. Auto complete. Who doesn't love that? One thing I'm going to do is show you real quick is I'll have action payload. Right. And so now it knows on the other side of the equal science that action payload. H hex color. Right. Because it knows what properties are allowed to be on an action of the type update hex color. So it's like, yo, that has a payload. Totally. I'll definitely that for you. But it's only got one property. So as you're deconstructing it, obviously it's the hex color, right. And non-RGB, right. I love this. Makes me so happy. And then we'll return everything else in the state. Plus that hex color. Right. Let's grab some of this here for it's like cool thing. This comparison appears to be unintentional because you already used this one basically. It's what it says. It's like the only option left is update RGB color. And you just did an RGB hex update hex color. If I had more things to do, we'd be like, yo, that one does not fit into all the things I was expecting. So you can't have like two cases in here. Right. And so like, okay, cool. But this can't be a hex color then. RG. Cool. And now it's like, well, yeah, that's not like that's not a valid hex color. So you can't do that. Right. And so it's like, just again, following the red swiggles, makes things a lot easier. So there is a library that I'm going to pull in. I think it's color convert. Other trick. You start with this and go. If you don't remember exactly what you're pulling out. There it is. Cool. Yeah. Normally we write it the other way. Like Python does import the library and then what you want, which would be a lot easier for us. But here we are. Type ship is great. It protects you from lots of silly mistakes, but not ones that are totally legal and legit JavaScript. Right. So yeah, I pull in this RGB and I'm using it up here. All right. Like before I was like, yo, it looks like it's not being used. And yet if I wrote it up there at work, but here it was redefined. Because one line above enclosure scope, you can like have a variable that has the same name in a different closure scope. And that is totally legal and valid JavaScript. That is not what I wanted. So like, yeah, some of the rules still apply. So let's not redefine the same name as our conversion function here. We'll just say context color. This is my easier, like multi cursor later. We'll say, oh look, RGB is now what I think it is. RGB dot hex exactly what I wanted and I will pass it in action dot payload dot RGB. Now you could say maybe getting a little fancy deconstructing wasn't the greatest and you're doing it again over here. That's fine. So cool. Now I have both of those actions kind of taken care of. Again, just evaluate. We can see that it's type. The type does not exist on never. Because we've handled all cases for the action object and it's type. Like that's it. That's all it can possibly be. We know I'm still going to do this because I have it honestly. So I don't trust myself and I don't want to give it in my later, but probably forget that. So now we've got that as a full-on reducer. Let's export it. And we can go ahead and switch out in application. That's set state with like state const. User docer. And that's going to bring in. Well, I did a name that reducer before. Color reducer. Color reducer. Color reducer and look it's angry because I'm not getting it at the right initial state, which I probably did next for it. Oh, it did. Look at me. Cool. And so we've got that in place and what's nice is it's going to know the types in this case. So we know that state. And we can't like if I pull it down here you can see. It's got hex color. It automatically has the typing of everything there. So I can even say look in that works. I'll grab dispatch out. Cool. And now on change what we want to do is say it's actually a vent target value. Oh, yeah, update hex color. And like again, like was it a key? I don't really have to remember because all of my typing will handle stuff for me. What's you angry about? One argument got two. Now let's say it's actually a vent target value. You know a fancier there. But it caught it for me so that's good. That's not inside an object. Cool. What's your anger about now? Uh oh, payload, it's got to be wrapped in payload. That's why I made that object before. Like the nice part is if I had messed it up in JavaScript, you know when I would have found out when I went to change the color a bunch of times. Or when I already had a prewritten component test and all those things like all of those are feedback loops that I don't love. That said, let's make sure. Cool. All my functionality works. We learned what Mark's favorite color actually looks like, which is a little bit of like a snott grain. Yeah, no, I didn't say it was like yeah, the little bit was your favorite color. We know why you chose it. I'll leave that as an exercise to the reader. But we have that kind of in place. So we've got that wired up. You