We talked about you state. The other way to manage, like the other built-in way to manage state in a react application is user-dozer. And as I alluded to several times, use state is just an abstraction over user-dozer. So we can argue that there is really one way. I'm not here to argue today. But like, how is that different? And I will tell you a story before we get into this, which is originally I was going to like start a new app. And then I was going to like let you implement it in the counter that we were working on before. And I think I alluded to this earlier. When I was like just building up the example first and like with a bunch of any types, and then I was like, well, watch me fix it. Or setting up for you to go fix it. And I was trying to like test make sure it actually worked before you fix the types. Like, why does this work? And I was like, withdrawing console logs in places. I was like, what's even going on? And then I realized that I had made a small little mistake that would not have happened if I was using TypeScript. And thereby like realized, you know, this is I'll use that as the example. And then I'll kind of send you on the way with the original one that was going to show in a brand new app, which will be fun for everyone involved. But let's do this simple as version first. So user-dozer, if you've ever used like Redox or even seen it, it's the same. Like user-dozer is like Redox light light, right? So like no middleware, no dev tools, not everything, not all the batteries kind of included, particularly like Redox toolkit now existing. Like it's not necessary. But it's like a nice, easy light version. I will a lot of times reach for it. Like if I have to put one use state in a component, fine. Two, okay. Five? No, no. At that point, like it's a great way to say, oh, thing happened, especially if you have to coordinate, like oh, changing this should then change this other thing. I will at that point say this thing happened, right? And have some logic that is easily testable to make sure that the end result comes out, right? And so when things get a little bit more complicated for you, then you state makes it easy. Like makes it easy, then I'll go grab a user-dozer. Now talking to some people during the break. I know that like not everyone has uses. So like let's look at the world simplest version. And so the world simplest version, which I will pull in to the app in a second, is basically what you state is under the hood, right? Like simplify it a little bit. But the way to think about a reducer, it is simply a JavaScript function, right? That takes two arguments. The current state of the world, a thing that happened. It takes us things into the function, and it returns the new state of the world, right? Now there's a lot of things that we do, but the world's simplest version is, this current state of the world is that there's a count. The new thing that happened is now there's a new number, the thing that comes out is the new number, right? Update the state accordingly. And then the hooks like figure all that with the underlying length list and fun stuff like that. So this version of user-ducer is effectively an analog to set state. In so much that let's just drop it in and we'll kind of just see it in action. So we got pull in. Yes. If you are using redux, is it still worth using user-ducer? So my general rule, that's a great question, is I try to think about state in my application in a number of different ways. For instance, there is the true data application state, which is what blog posts or whatever. The things that I have loaded in my application, what is the editing state. Then there's a bunch of state that I think about either a view layer state or a call of femoral state, which is kind of like, hey, is this accordion opener close? Which I do not need to store in a giant data structure that then causes like re-rendered throughout my entire app that I then need to cache and memorize. And so for like, there's a world where I am using redux for like my big real application state of like, what model so I have loaded up for whatever we're building. That open redux but stuff is this form valid. That's really just on a view layer thing. Like I might still use a user-user-dozed for that because like a form like check-in and see of all the values in the form. Like that's probably seven, eight, ten, 15 new states. Oh yeah, that's still not necessarily worth keeping that form that hasn't been saved in the store. So I will still use it in that kind of like middle ground of not necessarily worthy of being in the redux store, getting a little ridiculous to do a new state. But this one is ridiculous because it is effectively like it's use state but I had to write my own implementation of use state first. But it's you know, kind of make the point about TypeScript first and then we'll then do it to more really simple with user-dozer. So this just being a JavaScript function right in fact, if I wanted to unlike use state, you take this. I mean you could do with that function callbacks in use state as well, this is just a JavaScript function. You can go in a file somewhere else. I can write up a bunch of unit tests, pass a bunch of stuff in, look at the return values, so on and so forth. And as you can see, in automatically knows where to turn the number, I could be explicit about that if I wanted to. In that way, I can't accidentally return the wrong thing. And so we say use reducer. We pass it this function that has a return value of a number. And that means it's a number. And just kind of show you the way this works on the hood, reducer state. Mark will have to remind me to delete this. So we have this, and we say, right, return type is utility or utility type that will see in a little bit. And then we're grabbing the type of reducer function. So type of reducer, as you can see, is takes two numbers, returns a number. We're just getting the return type of that type. And so reducer state is just a number. And so it is using that mechanism to figure out what count should be. And then set count is react.dispatch number. So someone asked in the chat earlier, like, is there an easier way than react.dispatch? And then open angle brackets, react.setsstate, and then number. Like this, especially if you pull in dispatch, let's pull it in from react. I wonder if it automatically updates here. Yeah, it's just dispatch number now. That's a lot easier to pass through than all that other ceremony with, like, set state and all that other things. So this is an easy type to just call out. And we'll actually do that in a little bit, as well, in the second area. And so it is simpler to pass around. It is, yeah, yeah, you have to hold a 10 a little bit more. But especially when the complexity of, like, oh, I have multiple values. Like the next app that we're going to build is like a color palette. So you've got, like, hex codes and RGB values. And like, you can change your RGB and all change the hex code. There's enough that, like, wiring all that together. But there's just a super powerful pattern, redux aside of, like, the state of the world a thing happened, figured out inside this function. And let me know what happens. Whether you use redux, whether you use reducer, like, the pattern itself also just works when you're writing just regular JavaScript functionality and it's super powerful. And so we've got that in place. And so that is, you know, we can see that basically all the types and react behave, like they did with set state, which is not surprising, given the fact that I have repeatedly mentioned that, the set state is an abstraction over a reducer. So we shouldn't be totally surprised. But that is some of the, like, mechanism of how it works. Now, this is a ridiculous reducer. That said, there are versions of this that I have written before, right? Like, I could, for instance, have a set state for, or you state for first name, a you state for last name. And then, like, when both of those change, listen to the other one, or I could have a reducer that has an object that has first name and last name, take some both and spit out a full name, right? Like, stuff along those lines, when either parts of those change, right? The moment you are, like, deriving state, reduces our fat. Okay, so, as you can see, like, this all kind of works. Like, set count works is expected. Like, if you don't believe me, we can try it out. So it should, you know, this point, it actually should take a number, and returns void, cool.