Let's talk about one more small thing that makes me happy. Pop quiz, or 75 points. They're like points in Super Mario. They don't really do anything. What is some one thing that makes me happier than anything else? No, anys? What's that? No, anys? No, anys? Because what? What do anys mess up? Everything. But in particular, autocomplete. In particular autocomplete. I tell everyone else in my team where you can type to ship for reliability and type safety. Totally what we use it. Also, I like autocomplete. It's amazing to me every time that it works. You probably noticed that I was talking. So I got a type of an empty string. So I was actually names. It's like the first time that I ever saw it in my life. Every time it makes me that happy. So can I talk about what doesn't make me happy? Which is the opposite of what makes me happy, right? So let's take a look. I have these, you know, if you've never done this like you are my hero and I appreciate you, which is every app. I'm like, this time, I'm not gonna do this. And I'll have a button. Because I maybe I wanna have a primary button and a destructive button and a secondary button, right? Or the one that I always end up with. Maybe I just wanna have a form input that is a label wired up for the right ID, right? And I don't have to put them both together and then realize that they're both in line blocks and then change the styling on the two of them how they play together. Or a button and component, like a submitable input feel like, I don't ever, like, when I worked at Twilio, there was another team that worked on the design system. I am very glad that they worked in the design system because I don't want to. And yet, on some small level, I end up having to build my own little mini design system all the time. It's just little stuff like this, like a button that I can use, that like has the right styles and all the things that I want, right, like, passed in. But here's the thing, if you look at, and I'll do one, you can do the other. I think this is the one that annoys me more, so I'm gonna do this on. Okay. What do you notice about these props? How many of them are original? And ones you've never seen before. Technically, only this one. All right, like that's just to put some label in here. Right, the rest of these, I am just passing through. And you know what would happen that you first time I needed to auto-focus one of these? You know what it have to do? I don't have to add another prop. First time I wanted to make one of these required, you know what it have to do? Add another prop. How about like, yeah, I can, yeah, keep going with this example, I think we get the point. In regular JavaScript, I might choose to do something like this. So label is special. I think that's the only one of these truly special. Like read only, I can't yell that about uncontrolled inputs for the like, it's very rare that you can show people like app or like none of the state management is hooked up. Right, unless you're teaching, so I was like call it a read only if there's like no way to update the value, how about that? So that's bespoke because I was teaching, and that was tired of ESL and yelling at me. But like generally speaking, like I really just want to wire up HTML4 to the same ID as the input ID, and I would like to pass in a custom label, and I would like to wrap it in a day to treat it as one package, right? I don't want to do this all the time. So what I would end up doing in JavaScript is you could just do like, yo, label, take the rest of the props, and go in here, okay, my custom I do, I guess I'm gonna use the ID for a second because in just in case it doesn't have a unique one, I take this hook that gives you, it's mostly for server side rendering, gives you unique identifier, so I know that all my inputs have unique IDs. So keep that, we'll keep the read only in there. Other than these two things, anything else that comes in, spread it out, guess I need on change at this case too. Cool, cool, cool, but you'll notice it's angry with me, right? One guy didn't put a comma, and now it's angry, should be somewhere else in a second, because it's like, well, these, you know, like, I don't get any auto complete, I can't actually put, like if I get rid of these now, ready? At least these. I can't use them, so I get rid of them here, all the label I needed. But like, you can see the red popping up. It's like, hey, like these don't like work and stuff like that. It's like, it shows up on label, but it's actually saying like, you gave it an on change. I don't know anything about an on change. Now, if this code were to compile, if I changed the file extension, it works. But other fun stuff. No auto focus. No, nothing, right? So not only do they not compile, there's problem number one. Problem number two. I ain't got no auto complete, right? And button is the same way. And I'll let you play around with button in a second. Like, I want it's wrapping a button. Like, especially look at button. I'm literally just returning a button. Pretend special button where I'm just playing around the classes a little bit. Pretend you're a button, button who is a button that I've wrapped. So what I really wanna do is I want to create a type where my custom stuff label. And then all the things that are part of a regular whatever the input field is. And I think obviously that's the question before we saw it with component props without wrapping component props through with wrap and stuff like that. Which is there is a way to access all of the props, right? And so like what I can do is I can basically say, hello, I would like to create a type that is my special stuff plus all the types from another component. And we can do that super easily. And let's try it out with that label input or how I started it. Which is okay, actually even these two. It's just label that I wanna label it would be straight. And that's gonna be the normal one. So I'm getting yelled at, I'm getting yelled at all of the place. Like everyone's in here with me. And what I can do is I can basically say, I like if I don't think I'm gonna use a wrap, I'll start with this one and wait. Which is to say take everything from an input. And now if I look at this, it's grabbing it from the actual types. It is literally everything from the built in, which is an abstraction. Like it's a set of abstractions. Like TypeScript has a lib.dumb.dbts. Then there's JSX and Trinsic elements, which are like kind of JSX wrappers on top of that. Then there's all the React extra stuff, like React handlers. So one and so forth. And so you can see I'm getting some of that in place here. And you can also see nothing is angry with me anymore. Right? Now, because I'm spreading these all on the right place. And like theoretically you could override read only because actually if I put, yeah, the props come in afterwards. So you could actually even override this one too. Because it's like order of operations. Cool set this one, set this one, and then this question on the order of operations on that. So it's not important right now. Cool. So now if I go back to a place where I was blowing up before, I get everything that an input field can do. And none of this stuff that I can't do. And all of that is kind of built with the AutoCube. As far as TypeScript is concerned, my special labeled input has all the properties of an input field. Because I was explicit about which ones we're passing through. And you can see how you could take this technique. You could like, OK, and it label, but I want to take some of these and put, you know, you can, there's danger with some of that. Like with all programming, the fancier you get, you start walking on the racers edge a little bit, like, and just to be aware of that. But like generally speaking, for some of these very simple, like mini design system components that I end up creating, I can definitely do that. And it's a super powerful trick to do. Wouldn't this also require you to best, let's say the required property and something? Mark and the input as the props of some element, wouldn't this also force you to best those required properties in when you wouldn't otherwise? I mean, if I'm wrapping, I think where they would be required. They're going to be required one or the other. So, to answer your question, if for some reason, I needed to get super nuanced. Right? And so let's, you know, hypothetically, as we answer the question, let's say that for some reason, like the regular DOM components, don't have any really required properties, because it turns out the DOM pre-daised type script. So it's like fast and loose HTML. You've never seen HTML page crash. Think that's a true statement. JavaScript and crash HTML, the browser will do everything to make it work. So like, but let's imagine we desperately wanted to create one of these without autofocus, right? At which point we pull out one of those utility types we saw before. And we say like, omit. And you have to do this a lot of times with like more complicated components. So now this is, and then here we might say that like, I don't know, right? And like you could do something along these lines, right? Where you say like, cool, let's take a button that's got everything but this. And then I have thoughts on what this one should be. Now you can say it's getting, I'm yellowed out because I said it was required this time. Like I didn't put a question mark. So now I can create one where I'm forcing which the force autofocus on all of them was a weird choice on my behalf. But like, if I, you know, with HTML, these are the answers to your question, you're like, what if something's required when I make an optional, right? In the case of HTML, HTML elements where everything's optional, it's easier to make something required. But by pulling it by saying everything but this, but then I have strong feelings about this, we actually, we can make it required. And if I omitted it completely, we have now removed the ability to have autofocus whatsoever. So you can like compose and put together the recipes of these types in a like super powerful way.