I did say that pulling count out does cause re-renders. Like I said, this point I would probably keep it normally because the performance, like, it's not worth the added headache. But let's talk about what this would look like if I wanted to pass the set quotes through instead. So instead of on submit, we're going to give it just the like set quotes function. And again, this is a refactor that I will know is finished when the red squiggly stop. So then we can push count down. I count, need you state. Oh, no duplicates, cool cool cool, we're not using it anymore. We're not even doing these two. What we want is be able to pass through set count. But what is it? Having set quotes rather. How many times do you like them? It's a function, but like what's its signature? Start typing in no time. Yeah. Well, the problem is like for when you're defining the arguments, it doesn't have the information yet. It's like, yo, these are things I'm ready for. It can't like reverse-inch deer, like, and be clear. I'll wait a future version of times could be like, yeah, I can. All right, I saw you use it somewhere else, and this is the one time you gave it something. Like, I'm sure that, like, I can't wait for that comment to be out of date. A present-like, sure. And so if we look, it is this function which likely takes an array of quotes and returns void, and I could hard code that myself, and like, that is what I did for years. Right, but that's actually like, then if I change it to something else and I refactor, it's like, my reinventing the wheel did not serve me. But what I could say is like, this is a very valid type. I can literally just grab this. Say this is what kind of function I should be. And that, let's save everything in this case, and now we just say, do we pull that in? Yep. Now we set the quotes. So, let's see, we're also getting yelled at. Oh, we took that off, that's fine. Oh, let's see, we're also getting yelled at. Oh, we took that off, that's fine. Let's actually define that. We'll say, now I get to use that new thing again. Check it out. It's like, I didn't have to go, you see, there's errors in it. I have not looked at them yet. Cool, pass that through. That no longer takes account, so get rid of that. Or does it? Awesome, no issues found, everything is good, big reveal. It works, right? And so, like, the refactor in help and the other part of the we brought in, basically everything we've talked about so far, and then went for a little bonus run by passing down set count. Like I said, I would probably do it that first way, but I think it's useful to show one the active refactor in, and then two, if I needed the type for something that I didn't totally know. Like a lot of times, especially if I have the value already, I can like reverse engineer what that type should be. And there's actually ways like there are some utility methods, like called return type, that you can literally hand it the type of a function, and we'll get you even the return values, or parameters that will get you the parameters. There's a whole bunch of ways that I use, like, throughout my code base, to like figure out stuff based on others, so it's not like, here is the like set of types that I have carved and stone, everything must adhere to it. I can like dynamically, like figure out types based on actual properties, and use cases that I'm using in my application. So we have that kind of all in place now, and it works, and like the refactoring becomes a lot easier. If I was doing that normally, I would have to switch back and forth between the browser, look at the next error, but like for me, a lot of times even hovering over some of this stuff, I could see the answer and get a sense of it incredibly easily. This still like, I will show you why I would probably use like user dozer in this case, because it just becomes simpler. That is true of react in vanilla JavaScript, and it is also especially true because like, then there's just one dispatch, it becomes very easy to pass around and use. They kind of like just a set the roadmap for us kind of going forward a little bit, which is cool. We've now seen how to deal with props. We've seen like how to deal with event handlers. We've seen how to deal with like state from your state, kind of the next kind of like few hurdles. I would say I do with asynchronous state. The next few hurdles for us are like, okay, how does this work with user dozer? What about the context API? That's the thing that we all tend to use. As well, and then we'll see, because the context API has some interesting problems with the time space continuum. And then we will just look at like, hey, it seems like I'm taking a lot of stuff from the underlying elements, like a form like an input and retiping them myself. Like, could I just have some of that like goodness that you're just talking about, where we can like use some amount of like dynamic typing to figure stuff out? Absolutely. So we'll talk about that as well.