Now, there are some things that we can theoretically do to make this a little bit better, but they're all kind of nice to have. So this kind of gets to the main point. But we're going to do something first, which is, did anyone see the bad thing that I did that I had in there if you'd have find? It's the same bad thing I keep hiding everywhere, so like, let's look at the context. Or yeah, like, right. Let's, I think maybe I'll stop the editor right. No, no, there it is. What? Any? Any? Right. Like, which means that this can be any, which means update, like, you can go, like, who knows the ways as the can mess me up. But this creates a somewhat like interesting, like, problem, which is like, so the way that update works is it takes an object that has the keys available in an object and then it just kind of replaces the current ones. If I turn this into item, well, that's going to be problematic because theoretically I also have to change it here. Like, yo, I fixed it in my actual implementation, but you know why I'm not blowing up, because they spread. They spread. Oh, look, now it's angry at me. Like, one, any. All it takes is one, any. Like, you saw it my action earlier. And the way this works is like, we're only replacing one property. Right. Over here, we're just taking, like, whatever, we're taking the name, we're just replacing name. We're just replacing packed. Right. And so I want the situation where any keys you give me better be on item, but I don't need all of them. I don't want to replace the ID of an item. I kind of person would do that. I just want to say like, optionally, I want to be replaced anything on an item. And this is where utility types, which is just pure type script come in helpful, but in a very specific react use case. So like, what would this look like? So let's go back into our context. And you might say that, hey, Steve, if you had, like, magically derived this or if you use this, if you wouldn't have to do this in two places. Yeah? It's a great. But this is the point we'll see with you state, and some of the trade-offs. So one of the things I could do is say partial. A partial does. Partial is a utility method. You can see it by hovering over it. And like, if that stresses you out, that's OK. It stresses me out. But basically, it takes all the keys in the object. It makes them all optional. It's basically taking everything dynamically, putting a question, Mark, and front of all of them. It's built into TypeScript. I don't have to do anything. I don't have to write it. It's been there for a while. Each new version, not each new version. New versions of TypeScript very frequently have more and more of these. There's a one that I really like that came out. It's either coming out in 49 or came out in 48. I think it's coming out in 49, which is awaited, which is if you use a weight, it's like, this is either the promise that we're awaiting or it's the value. And it just does all of that for you. Because previously, I think even when we did like a previous version, it's course, like figuring out whether or not something was a promise. You had to like check for a then method and stuff like that. It was not easy. And there's been a lot of abstractions that make that a lot better. I have like a custom one in my code base that I hate. And I am waiting until we upgrade to 49. Yeah, that's what it is before I can use it. So this makes them all optional. But what if you wanted to say all of them optional, but I better not see an idea in there. This is where more utility types come in handy. So we could say like, oh, mitt. And if I just put it around item, it would just take it out item. But this is a knitting out of the partial one. So I can say, oh, mitt. Like I say, ID. And if I grab this real quick, we can see, kind of break it out so we can just hover over and see. So we'll say partial item. We'll just grab that first part. And it will say type, parial, partial. Oh, mitt. And this is great ways like not retipe stuff all over the place. Partial item. And then like, but don't include the ID. So if you look at partial item, that is now these can all be either stringer-under-find versus the regular item, which was not the case for they all had to be there. And without ID, it says, but not the ID. There's a bunch of these. It is not the best use of our time in a workshop on how reactant types you're played together to do a, I have it written up. You can go take a look at it on the documentation if this workshop. Absolutely. Do I remember all of them all the time? No. Is it important to like, if you're doing something squarely or a copy of it, it'd be like, I should see what the latest set, because they do update a lot. There are new ones in like many of the point releases. Not just like 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, but like in each new release, some new ones come out that solve a lot of common problems. So in a lot of these cases, if you need to do something special like that, you can like reach for some of these, you kind of create new types on your behalf. So what I'm going to say is, cool, any of the properties that are on an item, but like not ID. I should be able to use this now in both places. You, yep, because it's not getting the right thing. So I just got swap it in here. And my code compiles. And like now it's a lot safer. I don't have that any infecting everything, but I also didn't have to like go and statically make another type again. Because like you can imagine, that's well in good in a stupid little example of it, totally. All of a sudden one thing changes and you like hard-coded all these different sets of values everywhere. It's not great, right? So letting the type system and you'll notice that like, react has done a bunch of this for us. Like it's how process children works, right? It was like cool, take whatever it had and jam on children that is react.reactnode, right? We use these already in prior examples. We just didn't really talk about them, right? And like having some of those variables being on a pass in, right? Kind of what step state was doing. It's like, hey, oh, you state, right? Like it tried to drive the value if not we could pass one in. That's very much what we're doing with a partial. Like we're making a new type based on some other information.