Now, a better way is if I had done this with the context API, I could just have the thing itself be able to dispatch that action with its own on click. We should do that. That's good, right? But like, I'm going to teach a workshop on React Performance later and like the context API has some implications that are sometimes not great. We'll talk about how to get around those. But like the context API all the time every time. There's a really great blog post by Mark Erksson where he talks about how like the context API is not a state management tool. And that's not the theme of our workshop today, but like that's the thing to go right if you really want. And I somewhat agree. So we've got that in place. Let's actually like look at implementing the context API in here as well. So I'm making a new file called context.tsex put it in the root directory. For those of you don't know the context there was an old API, legacy context API, which gave any component anywhere in the hierarchy tree the ability to like reach in to this shared tree. It was not a stable or like documented API, but libraries like React, React, React, Redux and stuff like that used it. You know it's one thing for like a library that has to do fully supported to use. It's not that if you just want to use a code base and then the Facebook team wanted to change it. But now there is a real context API. And we say create context. And this is where I guess tricky. Give it a default value. Well, we've played this game before. We've played it with the estate. We've played it with user docer. We've played this game many a time before. I saw you be like, yo, here's a hex color. Right? And maybe you start out as like, I'm not going to use that special type because we didn't really implement it. And so I could say like color context. And it knows the color context is a hex, it has a hex color. It has a string, right? Cool, cool, cool. And every like, first life seems great. Life seems good, right? We'll go ahead and we'll like export, const, color provider. Let's also, because I know that I'm going to forget. I'm going to use that. X, we're a color provider. And that's going to need children, but we know how to do it. We'll do it on a second. And we kind of wrap this with a color context. Do I provide or this is just a thing. This is not a type script specific thing just yet. We'll give it children. We'll say that this is props with children. And we need to actually declare that as well. Let's see. Sometimes you make the same mistakes so often that when you see it, you're like, I don't even need to read the RMS edge because I do that all the time. So we have that in place. And so now it's like, yo, I need a value. So the default value was fine, but like this when we use it like this, we have to give it a value. And if you ever like look at the, what was Mark's favorite one again. There we go. If you ever look at the documentation and I believe this is still true, I've not personally pulled up the context API documentation. They have like the example is like there is a theme right object of like the different colors or whatever. And they pass in the value and then that is available to everything. Like the docks are like I believe this is still true. Somewhat silent on like state management in here and yet we all do it. Even when I said we should use the context API so a bunch of people nodding. Right, yeah, we should. Like as we all do it. And we gave it a default value so it figured it out. Like we also want to give it like dispatch, right? But I can only use user docer inside of a React component. And if I want to export this color context, I can only do it outside of a React component. These two things are fundamentally different. But if I try to do something like yeah, yeah, check it out. Well, we can like it's getting the type. So we do the same trick we did before. Well, yeah, I think you're you're not going to pull one over on me. Hacks color is a string. It's happy with that because it's like cool you give me an object where the hex color was a string. I'm like cool cool dispatch. And that's going to be. This is for them. Color action. It's like yo, give me give me a dispatch. The dispatch is color actions. I don't have one until over here inside this closure scope that I can escape. What are we going to do? I got options. Not on the migraine. I will eventually get you to a better but more confusing option. But like I have two options here. Both are not great. I can do this. But guess what? Now the dispatch can either be dispatch color actions are undefined. I will forever live with this. Which is super annoying because I am going to define it. Five lines from now. Right. And since this is going to rat like this code will run like this will wrap my entire application component. There is very little chance that there will ever be a world where dispatch is not defined. And we are using this contact. I am sure if I have seen some of you know. I am sure you can create some weird edge case. It can happen. I am not going to say no possible way. But like yo, I am going to define it before you can get the application. Good luck using it. Be forced to find. And yet then I have to forever live with the fact that it is an optional. That is not great. It is correct but it is not great. The other option is to sell TypeScript to chill. Right. And again Michael and the chat commented like with that is when we are saying like, Oh, this is a hex color. With great power comes great responsibility. Right. You better unit test those functions because if you are going to insist to something so that you better be right. We have another option here where we are going to be like, Okay. Yeah. It is not that time. But like for a minute, pretend it is. Right. And this is like, this is less dangerous than any because it is like isolated to one place. It doesn't affect everything else. But it should be treated with the same amount of concern. Which is, let's actually make this a type. Just trying to make sure that the pick one was already taken. I don't love that name but it is good enough. And it is like, well that is not the right type. But like pretend it is. Right. And that will work. And now if you feel bad about this, I will say two things to you. Valid. The second thing I will say to you is, let's look at literally what create React does to bootstrap your entire app. Because theoretically document, get element by ID, root. There could not be a root on there. So like, get element by ID, returns either a dom node or undefined. Now, the, like, anyone setting this template up understands that they may the public that HTML. There is a root on there. So they're saying, yo, type should chill. I know you don't know, but I know. So Valid and we will actually get rid of this in a little bit. So if you're like, yo, what is he doing? Like, don't worry. Also, like, I have never been bitten by this one yet. But we also will solve for it. But that is one way to handle this. Now it's not what yelling at you is like you didn't give me a dispatch over here. So you know that this is not infecting other things in your code base. This is a one time trust me. I know what I'm doing. I can see the chat moving. Yeah, nobody likes this. Anyone who feels good about this? I mean, good for you. Like, yeah. But yeah, I agree. And we'll look at another way that is a little bit more complicated. But also kind of like solves for this problem. But this is, it's a chicken in the eggs scenario. And something we kind to have to deal with. So now I can pull this fun stuff. I'll leave it in there for a second. And we'll move it into the context as well. We'll grab you as your docer. And here we just need to pass in that dispatch as well. Awesome. And so now this all wires up and it works. And we can use this context anywhere. So I will initially put it in all those buttons and we'll move it into the app real quick. We don't. I guess yeah, we don't want to hard code in that anymore. So we pull the the one from state. Cool. And here we'll say. Notice I forgot to wrap my index.tfs in this. So somebody helped me accountable to that in a moment before I get confused why nothing's working. So here we only need to pull out. I guess I can pull out the yeah, I'll pull out the both the hex color and the dispatch here because like that way I don't have to like. I can just put the hook in the new place and I don't have to like put it everywhere. Because I did some of that threading earlier. So. That just limiting the amount of refactor and I have to do with this moment. Cool. So we've got all that in place. I am just going to validate that I have not broken anything before I go for. Remember I told someone has to keep me accountable putting index.tfs. We do need to wrap our application in this. What are they? Color counter is color provider color provider. Awesome. And so now let's validate that it works. Cool. So now why aren't up the rest of these buttons or you honestly these input feels should be a lot easier at this point. And so let's do that for the let's do it for the color buttons color swatch buttons. Color change swatch. So I had the on click. And we'll say if nobody gave you one. We'll use the one I just wrote. Really in this case all we care about is dispatch. Use context with color context. Now let's get rid of this one more refactor. But it's easier than putting a weird condition on there. So on here in this case what we'll do is we'll say dispatch. Again. I love to see it. Every time it makes me happy. Every time. That didn't need to be an object though. Awesome. So now theoretically. All of these work throughout the code. Oh. Lost it. What don't have a name. Anyway. So now they all exist. It all works. Everything's great.