So when I worked at Twilio, we had this design system paste and it was good friends to that team. And the primitive for everything was box. And box was kind of like div, but everything under the hood was a box. And if some team was like, well, we can't use your design system because we need this custom thing. Like, cool. Start with box. And you see this a lot. It exists in material UI and Chakra UI. And this is super easy to implement. Whereas as article, right? And then under the hood, and I'll show you this code in a second, under the hood, you can just do this little trick where it's like, you're placed a tag name with whatever that was, right? And in a normal world, taking that and passing it to component props to that raf or component props with raf and getting the rest of those types to come in would totally work. And it can be done. And this is the question of at what point do you make the call? It can be done. However, because particularly the DOM is so fast and loose. And then rafs can be all sorts of different things. And a few other children and stuff like that that which is why they were removed from functional component. Because it can be so fast, it was the actual. And there's like, I think I linked to a bunch of blog posts at the bottom of deep academic discussions on the nuances of doing it in these libraries. And originally, I was like, oh, yeah, let's take an exploration. Because clearly, we must do it in paste. And I'll just show you the simple version. We will get into the deep deep version because at one point, let me go see how my buddies did it. They just hard-coded all the HTML values with what they should be for the common denominator. Because if you actually hovered over a section a div inside, they're all just base HTML home. As they don't actually have any special properties. They're all boxes. So sometimes they didn't do all this deep gymnastics. They just had a list of all the properties that box supported. And it was all the common ones across that. And there's a real question you need to ask yourself of if you start nesting a type turnery inside of another one that then flips over into a never-in-one case. Library code is a different story. The stuff you have to do to support a wide range of generalized use cases, absolutely. There has never been a time that I've done one of those things. When I told you that one time, I just bust it out this crazy generic and it just flowed out on me. I don't totally remember, but I'm pretty sure I deleted that. Do you know what I mean? It worked. But I went for a walk. And I simpler, more maintainable for any generic and your own team version of that was the right answer. So to the question in the chat, I think sometimes that sense and the spirit that fuels that question is I think incredibly valid. For if you're just mirroring a simple button, I use it all the time. Super helpful. We'll look at some of this, but I would say I would tell you a cautionary tale here. So this is from the pastox. They're all boxes. They make you then used instead of CSS things. They have their very specific properties. It's to build you into their system so it works with everything else. But this is what the simplest version, if you just wanted to use all the standard div section paragraph, they have like base CSS styling that's different. But they are functionally the same is that you would basically say, hey, as can be any one of these known types. And then have to be that tag name. And then since they all have the same course out of things, you can pull it in. And this mostly works. But as you get to what I worked out is like, as I was going through it, I was like, this is a bad idea. And kind of stop myself. Because a lot of times it's even a some libraries choose to just keep it a lot simpler than this. And you can go the way. And I think that I would turn this more into a cautionary tale that you should probably not. Can you absolutely, whether that point you're deep into the internals of TypeScript? I think we've wandered far just to abstract something. They're like the work to like grab the common elements is a lot easier in that case. Or have two components becomes a lot easier. If your goal is to build a react application, I would caution you. It seems good. It seems like I should do this because abstractions are great. Except when they're not.