I would say the heuristic to follow. It's going to be my kind of closing piece here. There's deeper you can go in terms of library code, but on the practical scale of things that the heuristic of what I actually had to use in the last little bit, this covers almost all of it. Obviously, there are further explorations. Yes. I put some links in some reading material. There's also added some stuff around like higher order components, which I would say in the hoax era, I find myself more making hooks than I make higher order components, but like how to like pass through certain props. Some of that stuff exists, but like I said, like under the heuristic of like what are the stuff that you're going to use? Like this is a core set that I find myself in the large code spaces that I've worked on the last few years using repeatedly over and over. Questions? And do you think it's a source scenario? Or some research? Or not? Do you think we'll say it have a couple of layers of custom geesex or custom geesex? I would say you read fast. What's that you up to now or context? Can you read fast and much of properties? Do you think you're supposed to have a idea? If there are very close to a couple, I'd like to think the props of the most bottom one, I can say the thing with it would be not for the simple, say with this, you think the props of this, but this layer you know, the structure of it and say, this is what's said at the top of the properties of what is whatever the lowest system then one property would have the lowest demand and not the different ones. Yeah, like one of the things that I would do, and I think this answers a question, is I would probably start to think about like, what does this compose a building look like? So for instance, like one of the thoughts that struck me as I was putting together, is it's not a particularly big app, right? Let's see if I can do it real quick. Next color. I wrote that a lot, right? And so, and it's not always the sole property, right, to your point on every single object, right? One of the things that would do in this strategy is like start to think about the compose, but there are a lot of things that involve a hex color, but like some of these probably involve some, you know, it being a somewhat simple app, involve some other things as well, right? And so what I might start to do is like head over whether it's in global, D.T.S. or somewhere else, like depends. What I might start to do is like, you know, how we had props with children that then could extend, I find myself, there was a point where I didn't know props with children existed, and I wrote my own and used it all the time, and it worked, it was great. But a lot of times I might do is like, yeah. And I could say like, in this case, P. And now I could theoretically take any other set of props. Like that might be one of my lower level ones, right? And like later on, I could be like, hey, I want to add this together. Now I have it in one place. It's utility type that I can like, abstract and start to like compose together, larger and more advanced types, and like we talked a little bit about like, interfaces, like, versus like types the other thing about like, I have done over time is like, you do stuff like, what's a, trying to make another thing that I would need. Sure. Right, and I might make same-basic concept, and this is something I've done before, like, honestly, great effect. And it's served me better sometimes in a lot of fancy stuff. And then you could say, you can see where this is going, right? Yep. And you can begin to like this composing. This is normally what I end up, you know, I don't, I have never had the diligence actually called props with props with props with, but because we did props with children, I was like, yeah, that seems good. A lot of times I've just done with, and you can see like that when I've, I've had a workout a little bit, I think I got to admit some stuff and play around, also P, it's probably part of them. But the basic pattern, right, not to get too into the leads here, right, is that, yeah, it worked. I can begin to compose and have the different sets of them. And like, as, you know, if something is only expecting a hex color and it gets hex, you know, like, as long, if it's, they get a player out of the types, as long as it is set that works, unlike Java and C and stuff like that, you don't have to be like, in this type, in this type, only. Like, if a function is expecting something with A and B, and you pass an object has A, B and C and C is not used, that fits the type because it doesn't, it's irrelevant, right? And so you get some flexibility and TypeScript that you don't get with other type systems. Cool, so that's a question. Awesome. I think you just need to make, like, someone is very optimistic. And they, exactly, exactly. And I would encourage you to like, think of, like, consider that and think about that because it is very tempting to go on an internet expedition. And be like, I should do this crazy pattern. I've regretted it almost every time. Sometimes the next week, sometimes my favorite things are something, like, 20, 20 meethos, that was a smart idea. Right, 2022 me regrets everything. Right, and like, understanding that like, you live with code bases for a long time and cleverness very frequently comes to bite you and explicitness sometimes bites you, but at least it's just annoying bites. Right, my North has a full like, just TypeScript dedicated course where like, you can go into like, the internals for this, which is that it's useful in a lot of cases, but if we're just thinking about the reaction layer, you get a lot of the power from react to. Awesome, thank you. Let's do it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.