All right, so your mission is to take that control.jsx, do the very hard work of flipping it that J to a T, right? And then what we want to do is refactor those prop types into an actual prop and just kind of get warmed up and get into it. Like I said, four stuff that might not be totally obvious, like try not to look at the docs. See if you can do it from just hovering over something at or and use the actual tools to figure out how to use the tools. It's like building your own lightsaber, right? First, we're changing the file extension from Jsx to Jsx. We're going to take those control panel props and turn them into actual type script types. But we might go for a bonus run and just add another property so we can play around with it a little bit on our name badge. And then we're going to try to figure out what to do with that least the on-chain handler, right? Because I told you like, hey, just say it's a string for the name. I didn't really tell you what to do with events. So that was like, you know, a little vision quest for you to kind of like look through it. But we'll kind of figure out how to use the editor to figure that out. Okay, so we have some of the answers down here. Like step one, you can either change the editor and you like get move. Get us through to be nicer. I'll just do it here for right now. And so okay, I changed the TSX. I'm getting like everything mostly works except for the fact that like it didn't act we asked so these prop types were real types. So the convention and I like conventions because I don't want to come up with my own, right? And also like one of the hard problems in computer science is naming things. So what you will normally see what is, I don't know who made this role, but the standard convention is you could type it in line or you can make a new type, which is what we're going to do. And a lot of times for React components, you would call it control panel props. And that would be the type of the props that you would pass to the control panel, right? And we'll start out by saying that we know that name is a string. And let's just say that on change for a hot minute is any. Now, one of the things I want to say early now, which is if you ever feel tempted to use any, you should avoid that. Any is infectious. Like one you have one, anything that any touches basically becomes it any. And now you have signed up for a life where you do like most of the work of having TypeScript and you react to app and get only like 60% of the benefits. Like so as soon as any is entering any, like it's just everything in any touches, turns into an any. So we'll do that for a minute. There'll be like sneak a few enemies in there like to set up exercises, and we'll try to eradicate them over our time together. So we'll save that. And then all I have to do at this point, if you didn't like that set of curly braces in the other one, you just do control panel props. And this is now like officially TypeScript component. It has extra stuff I don't need like this. This isn't doing any favors anymore. Which means I don't need this. And that, you know, for a very simple component, which you know, if you think about your app, like it's a few complicated pieces and then like like the way the satellites are around the earth, like a satellite of like smaller pieces, right? We can have this kind of in place. Which leads us to our next challenge, which is what are we going to do about on change here? And so my challenge to you, yeah, can I answer or? Sure. Change of unhand learned to email in catalytic. So we're over that. And yeah, we can see that, you know, the default type of an on change. So what do we do about our on change? Well, we look at what reacted to the default element, and we steal that. Right. So it's saying like, oh, like an input element on change is this type, React change event handler on an HTML input element or undefined. Yuenque. Copy. Paste. Boom. Right. We just use our editor to figure out what the type should be on that one. Right. And so a lot of times, if I'm like, oh, I don't know what a form should be. You can mostly kind of, I'll make the element that I'll figure it out. Mark. Is there a reason why we are using type over interface here? Is it a different use case? Yes. I am spiritually prepared for this question. One moment, please. So the question was why are we using type instead of interface? And so, you know, a while back, there was a lot more of a difference between a type and an interface. In modern versions of type script, there are less differences between types and interfaces. An interface is kind of like a class where you can extend it and kind of override individual properties. A type is a little bit more constrained, but you can kind of use it with what we'll see later are like generic or type variables a little bit easier when you combine things together. You know, if one were to Google this, you would find probably, I would say 80% of this advice saying that for public facing things where you want someone to be able to extend it, to be able to like, you know, pull it forward using interfaces for like public libraries, but for internal stuff using types, you will also find some arguing the opposite. It doesn't matter so much generally speaking my heuristic then given the like private public kind of piece and extending versus like using unions and intersections, which we'll see in a little bit. I tend to use types in less explicitly needed interface. There's little places we combine two types of have an overriding property where it can become a little tricky and then I'll grab for an interface, but like my heuristic is to use types. However, if I were to like go to somebody else, you know, join a new team and in their application, they're using interfaces everywhere. You know what I start using interfaces, right? Yeah, sorry, what exactly is it interface? So interface, if I wanted to change this type from from a type to an interface, I would change this word to interface. I'd get rid of that equal sign. No red squalies, right? The difference is if I wanted to like, I could say interface. For amends only, I can do this extends. Oh, it's kind of a class. Yeah, and I could say like it's always got all the other properties, but I could also say like. Right, so now this has name, which is a string on change with an advent handler and is admin has to be set to true. Right, if I wanted to do this with types, it would be like. Right, so they both get me the same effect. It's usually when like these have overlapping properties or stuff like that stuff gets a little bit different like in the actual implementations, but generally speaking, like these will do function at the same thing. So my rule of thumb, so the question was, do I always leave them in this file or do I put them into a like a globally available definition file? The answer to that question that either or question is yes, right, generally speaking, I because if I put them into a D dot T s file and like I think I have an empty one sitting over here. Like any types that I put into this file and later examples will have stuff in here, mostly because I don't want to clutter stuff up, but in a larger app, like I will usually put like the very, very commonly used like models, right, so like the thing I work on has workflows and workflows have events and those are used all over the place. It's like the whatever they like the core like things that your app is showing, right, like if it was Twitter tweets, right, like those types that are using everywhere. I don't want to import those constantly, right, so I will move them into this file that said I personally and this is definitely like a subjective opinion thing. I tend to start them out in the file because like I don't need to be littering the global names face with all these types are only ever actually getting used in one file. So normally a lot of my types will start out in a file and when I find myself getting very annoyed importing them places, I will be able to break them out and move them into definition files. So it's usually a refactor for me at some point. Excuse me, I was going more if article correctly and other difference between interface and type is that for type. You can or the types when you pass it in, right, so it's basically it's helpful and read out say I don't think you can do that with interfaces. Yeah, I don't think so like it's one of those things where since I predominantly use types especially for that like for primitives, I would don't like a straight like I think about like for very simple things like a type of total sense because yeah, you can like say this one or that one. I think that's really interesting things you do with unions. It's like they are they have an overlap about like 6 to 80% like there's a chart that I have a broken length to the effects. That shows like most of the checkboxes are green on both of them with like one or two little kind of like smaller edge cases across both. I think the more important thing is like consistency in your code base. I just use types. But like I said like they have certain limitations in some edge cases interfaces are going to have certain limitations in the other one. But I think consistency is probably the answer but like there's not necessarily like this is right and this is wrong despite what blog posts on the internet will tell you. I've been in code bases I do both so. Cool. So we've got on change handle again if I needed to know what a formula element was. Oh look it's a form event handler there are a bunch of these I have a link in the notes like we can just see all of them but like generally speaking I do want to encourage you rather than looking at the list to kind of like our habit is going to be. Learning through doing right learning through like getting hints from our editor. But these are basically just if you like command click you can eventually like get to the definition and kind of see everything like obviously the the types for react are obviously complex but you can kind of go through and see that they're all kind of like going over the regular down events because like events have different properties like. Like one's based on input elements have a value on the event target right and stuff along those lines so it's basically trying to figure out what you have on that event what you don't. Because not all events in the DOM are created equal some of them have different properties like mouse moves have the mouse position while form submits. Have them you have the target of the form. So it basically fills in all those for you so generally speaking like if I don't know if I need to use an element I need something that will match that I will usually just even create that element. hover over and steal the answer if a lot times a lot easier for me than like stopping when I'm doing. Pulling up safari because I will get distracted and I will look at guitars so this is a lot of times a lot easier to kind of like keep that like train of thought and focus in there. Yeah, so for my unchanged I assumed it was a function just did the open. Yeah, for instance, using a arrow function to void and that seems to work. That will work as long as you don't seek to use the event in it. Oh, like because it'll be like yeah, like JavaScript will take more arguments that are functioned like uses and not just ignore them right in JavaScript you took a function to took two arguments and past it. Nine. It'll use the first two and ignore the other seven right and so like it'll work until you try to use that event and be like I don't know what you're talking about like type script is kind of cool. It's got the same type system as okamil. You're like cool. I who amongst us is right okamil in our free time. But one of the nice things is instead of like Java if you've ever seen that like enterprise fizz buzz meme where they have to make abstract factory abstract class like for everything like typescript like as long as it roughly matches what you're looking for. TypeScript is like totally okay like if it is a you know that's kind of unless what we think about the JavaScript too right like. Like if you're saying like this thing should have a first name and a last name and that's the type full name. If you pass another JavaScript regular JavaScript object that has a first name and a last name property typescripts like thumbs up right even though you didn't explicitly say it was that type right and so like you can get away with stuff until you do something is actually going to like it's about as forcefuls it needs to be and no more than that like until you try to use it and we'll actually see that in another example I believe. Later on too. Oh but yeah you could have done like event is even like HTML element right. And actually should be void. And that will you you could try to write your own but like generally speaking it's super nice if especially if you're going to pass it through just to be like hey I'm expecting this function that matches what I'm going to pass it to. Is better than like trying to write your own types that like mostly match up because eventually this will lead to sadness. Eventually you'll be like slightly off in one use case and then you have to stop what you're doing and pay down your type to. This assignment stuff. Yeah. One other thing. Do you do it in the interface slash type above just in case you want to add more crops than name on change. Yeah. Later on. Yeah like you can see that if I was in line in it and here. Yeah. And how I take in this to a natural conclusion before before breaking it out of course I have right but you could see that try and to both have the properties in here and then also to find the types. It gets it gets ridiculous right and then if I ever do need to export that out somewhere. Guess why I end up with. Yeah. So for me normally my workflow is every part of me wants to do it in line. And most parts me know that I work at it. And then so if I am like if it's early in the day my wool power and I can resist the marshmallow on the table. I will break it out to a type later in the day things get a little bit fast and loose. And then I make poor choices and in line it but then I always eventually have to like pull it out of you know I don't long enough time line. If it's just like one argument you don't want to do all that extra work. Yeah sure put it in there. But generally speaking I will try to break it out into a type. I really want to change this back to a type. And I also want to change this back to one change all of the things I was talking about the same time. The nice part is like it can also just grab it from here. If I hit tab I can auto import it from react. But it's a generic right so I think we can. Yeah I was hoping that auto complete was going to pull it out and I got distracted from it. Didn't auto import so I just say react. Cool. All right so that's back where I wanted to be pull this out too. Let's go ahead and immediately we've got previous mistakes here. Type name badge props passing that name. And if I want to say something is optional I can just say like. Grating. And if it exists it should be a string. Now if I look over at this I'll see that it can be a string or undefined. And what's really cool about this is if I ever try to use greeting like it exists. Type is good to yell at me. But hey that could be undefined. And so like if it's something that matters like strings you know like it'll just coerce into an empty string a lot of times. No big deal. But if I'm trying to actually use that value in some of this definitely have me a string or something along those lines. It will force me to confirm that it exists first. And we'll actually see that again in a little bit of a later example too. We'll see that like I can't use things unless I confirm that they exist and some other like features along those lines. And then like after I confirm exists then I'm free to do whatever I want so on and so forth. So I always had that confusion about like since we're using the question mark for an optional in a depth script right. Definitely the need for null those away completely we use undefined as the absence of value right. I like I will sometimes use null is like explicitly you know like the use null in times we have the way I'm supposed to use null that I have no easy is to for which is like explicitly nothing. Because yeah sometimes I've seen people make mistakes when let's say you market optional or something from libraries, more optional. And then instead of just using as a truth value if that thing somebody explicitly does equals equals null that's. And then it's going to fail but but just because it's a slim state yep but okay so thank you. Yeah and we'll know that you can't pass and not like if I tried to pass and null in here I'd get yeah that right it's like go string or undefined. No zeros no falses right like string or undefined can be falsely and that can be our check but it will know that case like I will limit it down we'll see a few other examples where it's like. Things that I normally would have done a whole bunch of type guards for like in regular JavaScript if it's type of this if it's that if it's the other thing right I don't want to talk about how many times I've gotten bitten by the fact that zero is falsely. It's not I'm not interested in talking about that. It will save me for that so we'll actually see this kind of like you know I wanted to point out now so that when we see it we're already like mentally aware of it but yeah now I can pass this in I can say like. And we got a pass into the props to look at that autocomplete yes right in this case like. I don't get yelled at because like passing an empty string into a nation element is fine right or undefined courses into an empty string in this case so that that's totally okay but if I tried to use it for some other value we will get yelled at. But you'll see that like as I was starting to use this component especially if you're making like this is all in the file if I was then using this component somewhere else. I have implicitly have documentation on this component right like I can't really use it wrong. Try me but I am it is harder to use it wrong how about that. And so like implicitly you get documentation implicitly you get safety checks as I use this component other places.