So we've got all of that in place. I can't set it to anything that it shouldn't be. So my challenge for you, and I kind of like alluded to some of the nuances here. And like Mark explained to us event.target.value.s numbers. We got all of that to try that one out for funsies. We know how to type a change handler. We know most of how to handle this form. And so what we want to do is also have where they hit update the counter to a given number that that will also work. All right. So I might be tempted to do something like this. Well, say, we got a store to separate value because it's not like when the input changes is when it's submitted. So I got to like store that separate value for a hot minute. Call it draft count. And we can start off as count. But like unless I do something here like type shit was going to make sure I don't accidentally end up in the situation where the input field bites me. So we can have that in place and we can do. We can do when this changes. I guess we got we can do it in line or we can pull it out. We'll just say that we want to change to the value of this input when it changes. Cool. And because it's a number, it is angry with me. Right. And that's nice because like I don't want to talk to you about how many times I've made this mistake as I'm just like in the zone because it's like I'm already resentful that I have to like do this regular moral with react of like taking the value. And I can't just bind it together like other frameworks that will go unnamed. And so a lot of times I'm, you know, I'm in the middle of some other thought. I'm doing this because it's a chore and I'm supposed to. And so but it's like, hey, you accidentally passed a strain here. And that's great. Like, yes, I wish I didn't happen. So Mark taught me about dot. No, just the post fix. It's one property. It's just value capital A. What? And also I believe you because auto complete believes you. Right. Also we learned that that exists. Do we all know about this one that has date? Mark's Mark said yes. I saw that a lot of people didn't know so. And now it is a piece with me, which is pretty great. The, you know, otherwise I can keep it as a string and then do this somewhere else as well. Is that just on, I was just event target value as number. That's pretty cool. The other thing I would do is just keep it as a string and then chorus it to a number when I needed to. But now I don't need to do that. Awesome. And then so like we have that on change. And then really there is the on submit. Which is just going to take. And I know that everything is working as it should because like I didn't get yelled at. Which is you know general rule for life that I follow. Um, and we can do also. Um, now what if we wanted to say that like when that input field change is let's validate that any of this works before I get a little too over Zales. Let's see. If you don't say do we say the file? Nope. No, I have value set to zero. I don't want to change it to dynamic. To a draft count. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, when I'm focusing on the type of stuff sometimes I forget to think about the regular job as a regular how things work in code. Awesome. Say 15. And this is why you live code with all of your friends. The bottom doesn't have a listener. It's all. Oh, yeah, because this needs to go in the form is what happened. I don't want it on you can't submit an input field or you can. But like what I want is that to happen in the format itself, which is the whole reason that I made a form to begin with was to make my life easier for when we did this together. Cool. Um, now if I wanted this number then update the input field. I only committed decrement. We're only going down and I wired it wrong. Which to be clear as someone who rehearses all this stuff. I'm the point where I've rehearsed it wrong so many times that now I do it wrong because I think about increment, reason and decrement, but the buttons are in the opposite order. But now I have like literally just done if you're heard so many times that now it is what I do. So that's great. You learn to think about me today. Awesome. Now, do we need to say that when we change the regular count we want to update the field as well? We don't. I just need an excuse to use a user. Effect hook just show you one little, uh, gotcha that might come up with use. In fact, this lots of gotchas. Let me clarify one type script gotcha that might come up with use effect. Use effect is just basically like, would you like a footgun? Um, cool. And so we'll give it a function this says whenever a count changes we also want to update the draft count. And the only kind of real place of typescript and use effect interact and this is a lot of times it's like a set timeout, uh, as well. And it's like just kind of JavaScript fancy NSC stays, which is then set draft count. Count. Everything's great. Everything works. Good. Uh, the only place you will get yelled at is if you're like, I'm going to be fancy and I don't like curly braces. See, and this actually is because this returns void. If you had something that returned to actual value here, it's like, because normally if the returns is expecting a function returned or undefined. And so if we said like, even. Just return the count for instance. Right, you get yelled at because it has to be undefined. So just make sure like if you ever see that you get confused is because it's expecting either a deconstructor function or undefined. And it will yell at you about it. That is just the it will happen to you once in the next year you will get bitten by it. Hopefully the sticks in your brain. I have saved you a good 10 minutes.