Let's do a slightly more aggressive one. Before, I used that user fact that I didn't want to use to like, or at least alluded to using a user fact to like, okay. So listen to when the count changes and then go ahead and like update the draft count. Like I kind of said before, like a lot of times it's easier to say like go one of these two things has changed or they've clicked the update count button. These things could happen figure it out. Just because this is where focused on TypeScript, I'm going to pull in a reducer like kind of like in a cooking show when I like pull a turkey out of the oven. I'm going to pull in one and that is not necessarily where the problem in my code is going to be. But we'll look at it for us. We'll talk about it. But like, watching me write this is probably not the best use of your time. I will be pulling in this any which is like a hint for where I get bitten later. Just just setting the scene now. So if we look, we've got this initial state which I've given a type, you know, you might call it counter state. I'm just just to keep the our understanding of code we're seeing for the first time a little bit simpler. And we'll have just a default object that will pass in as well. The cool part is like, I don't have to give state a type if it has a default value. Right? In any typeScript function, if something has a default value, typeScript is like, let me guess. If you're saying that defaults to a number, it's probably a number. Now if you want to say it's a number or a string, you got to step back in again. But as long as you've done like the bare minimum, it will try to help you out along the way. And all this really does is again, because of, you know, reduces all the same rule as like react does writ large, which is everything's got to be immutable. And so with these, we have the count and the draft count. All right, cool. If increment comes in, you know, increment the count and then set it to the new count. We also wanted update draft count along with that every time. So we want to say if like that input field should change along with when I hit the buttons. Dechrement reset sets in both the zero. I don't need to explain to you how a counter works. We also have one that's going to take update draft count. That's when they change the number in the input field. Right? That's actually going to be one where we actually have what we may call a payload. One of the things that I'm going to do is, and you don't have to do this, in redux, for instance, there is one rule for actions. Is that all actions have a type property. Right? So, it's got to have like a type. It's got to be some kind of, you know, usually a string if you, if you like yourself. Um, after that, in redux, there are no rules. Use reduce and react has even less rules. As you saw, I was just, I'm just tossing it a number, right? And it's like, that's cool. I'm into it. And so it literally could be anything. Now, a great way to have your teammates take you is to just like wing it with all these things. Like, the pattern I really like, there's something called flux standard actions, redux being implementation of flux. We don't have to talk about this. Which is like, basically having like four-ish fields, two that we really care about. Which is to say that we definitely have to have a type. And then just to make it standard, having this payload property, which is like, everything you need to know about the thing that happened. Oh, they changed the value that input field. In payload, you would either put the new value or an object that had like, you know, the keys and properties. Right? That's better than like, I wonder what, you know, properties. I want to wonder what the shape of this action is. It's just a convention. You don't have to do it. I'm going to do it because I do it right. And because I'm teaching it and so it makes sense of false some sort of convention rather than just like making stuff up as I go along. So we'll have actions in a payload. And so you'll see if I go down into the, reduce what we have bring in. So should we update the count manually, go look at the payload, which will be the new value. Right? And everything will kind of work as well. This, you know, obviously as we all know, was written before I learned about event value as number two hours ago. So like it does do some coarsaint of stuff as well. But let's pull this in because this is not my problematic code. So there's a like other than just being a reducer, which is like inherently typed really, despite the fact that it doesn't look like it too much. So let's go ahead and let's remove all of my riffing. And I'm going to put this all in the same file just for clarity. Normally you would break this out and it's on file. But rather than watching jump around between six different files, it's probably easier to keep it all in one place. So we've got this reduced. So again, what I would do and like in some of the other like, example apps like probably have a bunch of tests that just pass in the number two and then the action with the type increment and then C's the number three comes out. Right? Then I'd have one that passes in decrements. C's the number one comes out so on and so forth. Super easy tests. You don't have to like use React testing library to mount the component and click a bunch of stuff. Like you might choose to do that as well. But it's nice that you don't have to in this case. Cool. And so it's angry at me. Right? And that's good. Like I just paces and code it and types of gifts upset with me. Why? It's expecting an object. Now this reduced your expected object that has a count and a draft count. And it's like, yo, you left this old code in here when this was a zero. That's like, yes, I did because I was talking to my friends while I was doing this. Right? And instantly it catches that so I don't have to embarrass myself and find my friends. And sit here like flailing wildly. So that's good. So now we've got this. And we can see automatically the it's set to count and draft count. That is the draft count is any. And that's that was on purpose as I said, and you up to change stuff. But again, got bitten by it. So I'm telling you the story of how that happened to me. And then set count. Oh, wow. Is that count is now any? Right? Now weirdly, hypothetically, we changed this to a number for a moment. Say type string payload is number. Hypothetically, you'll notice, oh, now I can only dispatch the right things. Do you see how I'm about to get hurt? Right? Do you see what's about to happen to me here? One, any through a way all the typesafety of what came out of my reduced and what I could dispatch to it. And as we learned about some of the other really nice stuff that type script gives me when I follow the rules and use reducer, we're going to see how the damage is much worse and even we're probably thinking of right now. So we've got that in place. I've got that any in there. And so, you know, I was going about my business. You know, I can go in here. Obviously, these are all bogus now. So what I would do is I can dispatch. We want to call this. I've been making a point that it was like set count, but let's actually do the thing now. We'll dispatch. I could really go for some autocomplete now. Well, I'm not going to get any. So, well, do you say one remember with the name of my increment action was? Let me, that seems good. Yeah. Oh, let me scroll up and look. I'm making a point. Increment. You can see that I, like, it's like the wizard behind the cloak as soon as I don't have like autocomplete, like working for me, like I have a lot of empathy for every, like, coding or review after doing these. We don't need to pay load on that object, but I don't really remember. Also, you'll notice that I once again made the mistake that I have made a thousand times. Of course, multiple workshops will have, you know, where I give increment and increment increment. Increment. I could go for some autocomplete now. That wasn't even for show. That wasn't even me trying to make the point that was literally me. Not knowing how to type while talking. Listen, right, the fact that I did it for living for years. All right, for count, we need to do, say, it's like, what's the call this state now since it's two things? It does know what this is at least. Well, it knows what count is. Cool. We don't need this anymore since that will exist on state. Now, it will be in any type. What was the name of that one? Cool. And I can say, I'll show you what I did. I'll just type to action. And I typed action because I was doing actions. I was doing types. And I was somewhat, you know, just kind of autopilot setting this thing up and not really thinking. Now, I don't need to explain how conditionals work to you. Doxplain that if you were looking for an action type any and you pass in an object with action action is update, draft count. It just falls right through all of these conditionals and you get back your initial state. And then you hit a button repeatedly and nothing happens. Right, because you can get an error. Like the code works. It's just, you know, on a very nuanced version of what works is, you know, we could take the event target value, so on and so forth. But the point that I wanted to make is that having one any in there, opted me out of type safety everywhere, right, effectively on dispatch at least, made it so that I had to sit there and type every action by hand and look up and remember it. So on and so forth. Right, it's kind of like setting the stage of how life is now with one any, one innocuous any just on like literally one value, right, which is just simply the action affected everything. And like, yeah, I lost like, yeah, it was like 10 minutes. But still, you know what, like enough of those 10 minutes. And you're like, yeah, I can write some types. So let's kind of look at like how we might make that a little bit better, right? Instead of like doubling down and watching me fall all the way after you've seen where I got bitten by a real-world mistake, let's make this better.