So props are fun. There is one other kind of situation that we didn't really talk about, which I'm going to challenge you with. Which is, so we got props. Some of them can be static values. Some of them can be objects. Or arrays, and we'll see those over time. We saw what to do with an event handler. There's one more other common prop, right? Like, I've a list of all the other props you could ever see as well. Like, there's one that you might end up with, which is like, what do you do about children? Like, that is usually the first, like, typescripts going great and react. I love this. This is about never-griding JavaScript again. And the first time you need to like, type, be like, that's another react component. You're like, oh, I think I'm just going to write JavaScript. So what I have for you is kind of a little playground. And in here we've got, um, I hope it's a far in a second, or I have a, it's a repo to the inkloin, but like, my security settings are turning out syntax highlighting in edge. Um, but we have one where it's, you know, one child. That's a string. Because children of an HTML will make it could be a string. Nothing. Another HTML element, right? A bunch of stuff, right? Like, and so we need to like, kind of figure that out. And so right now, this is nanny. And your job is here a bunch of options. I thought seem to plausible at looking at react types. Um, what I would challenge you to do is try these out and see where the red squiggly is coming to haunt you. Right? And when you have the wrong answer, a red squiggly will let you know. Because this is, yeah, most of the cases are covered in here. Uh, and we will figure out what the correct type of a given, uh, child component should be. All right, spend five minutes and we will reconvene. We'll look at the, the answer sheet in a second, but let's try these all out and kind of see what just our, our editor tells us, right? So let's try JSX element. Uh, and you can see that I get yelled at for anything that has more than one element in it. Right? That makes sense. But we saw it before, like, okay, like JSX element was like my first go to because before we have it in a name badge, we saw JSX element, right? Which is true, um, except like it could be more than one. And so like the syntax for an array. So depending on your cursor, where your cursor is. And this blows up in a different way because it's like cool. It can be more than one JSX element, which makes this box very happy. But you know what's not a JSX element? A string. Uh, so you could continue to play this game forever. You say, or a string, and I think if it has two strings up, you get yelled at, but there's really no intersection there, like, um, these two at the bottom, I'm not even going to waste your time with their fake answers. Uh, those are actually like utility methods built into React for, like, mapping over children. Uh, those aren't even types. Uh, the correct answer here is React.react node. And I will show you a fun thing to make you never have to really think about this again. So you pass it in. Everything is happy and wonderful. Uh, and good in the world. Uh, the other thing that you can do. So like, other in this doesn't really take any props. Other than children. So what I can do in this case is there's actually one built into React. Called props with children, which uses this syntax or take in generic and says, this could, this would be the rest of your props. This would be like name badge props or like greeting props or whatever. Uh, and it adds, hey, this could have children that are, either React node or undefined, right? And you kind of use that as built in there and you just have fun with that. You'll get like that typing for you as well. Um, but the thing I would love to be able to do is also like, have this idea of like a style prop, right? Because I do get cool autocomplete here as well. You know, if it's learned anything about me right now is that I like, I like, I like, especially all this stuff getting it, having it filled in for me and making sure that I have like a lot of times, people will just be strings. I can still go rogue here. Um, but I can like put these properties in. And maybe I want my like, rapper component to also be able to like, take a style element that it passes through. But like, well, I don't really just want to say it's an object or anything along those lines. Again, we can kind of figure out like by inspecting that like react does have this type. And like at any point if you get interested in these, you can always like command click and go through and actually like see the types. It's, uh, it's an experience that everyone should go through. Um, but like over time starts to make. It's like kind of seeing the matrix. Uh, but we can take this and we can basically say that, okay, like we do want to actually take a style tag. You know, and this is kind of useful too, like the Panand how complicated your component is. Like if you want to pass like different styles like for the outer component, something like that, you can actually then be able to use this property in multiple places. Right. Now this actually, that let's start well, that have all the same typing that we eventually pass through to the jade component in this case. So we can actually say. Spread the rest of the properties in there. Not if we don't use right now if we don't write regular JavaScript. Cool. And so I can pass this in as well. And like because they're the same type, like type scripts all okay with it. Like if you're guaranteeing that this style object is okay, that I will let you use it in re-accounted words expecting that style object as well. And both of those just kind of work. So the kind of answer again, which I have written out here. Is we do want react. Reaccount. Reaccount. The rest of these don't really work the way we think they do. And so sometimes, you know, there is a little little nuance there. But the props with children is usually your answers because it's a very, you could write that yourself, right? You hover over. You can see it's got a very simple implementation. You could take a look. You could figure it out. But it is there as a utility method for you. And I like the help on here for it. So as we saw props with children. There's also, and we're going to use this a little bit later. There's component props and component props without rough and with rough. The rough is, you know, in react 18, I think we had forwarded roughs. Possible earlier than that. And so whether or not you want to actually define that. I tend to use without rough until I know I needed to pass a rough through. Because I just want the symbol as possible solution. But this will actually be all of the props from just a regular HTML button. In this case, you can pass it the name of any HTML string, which includes children in this case too. And the cool part is you can pass them all through. Previously, you could actually, in react 17, you could say, like, hey, if this is a react dot component or functional component, that children was implicitly included in there. That was removed. There was a very long article like for the proposal and the change explaining all the reasons why that I am not going to, like, you know, somewhat academic. It's there linked for your own, like, interest on the rationale. But it kind of gets into some of the nuances of like how the, the amount of timescript that we definitely need to like build our apps is different from the amount that you need to build the entire types of them for like react or like, a styled components or something along those lines. But like, there is a lot written out there. You know, if this is like, at the end of our time together, you're like, yes, I would like to dive deeper. I've, like, included some links towards the end. Awesome. Excuse me. Yeah. The question. There you heard the button as a type in a generic where with all the rough thing, I was curious if there was a bit of way, because technically that's still like, you know, we're trying to be super type safe. Button is a string we might make a type of, is there like button props or something? So this button under the hood, let's say let's pull one out and like take a look. Let's learn and let's follow my own advice, right? So let's actually grab this real quick because we don't even need to use it. So if I, you know, like it looks like it's just a string, but one of the things we're actually going to see in a little bit is, and I think you pointed out earlier, with types I can have, you need in between them. So under the hood, like for instance, if I do make a type out, I get yelled at. Right? And we'll actually see like a little, like of how this works when we make reduced reactions a little bit. But if I look under the hood, we can see that component props about rough. That generic extends element type keep going. Right? Element type, you know, tries to figure out whether it's an actual another react component, or if it's one of the ones that's just an intrinsic element, an HTML element in JSEX, keep going. And you can see that it's actually using the key. Where? Of just every valid HTML element. So it's got to be one of these keys. So even though it looks like a string, it is a limited set of strings that you can pass it.