My name is Steve. I currently live in Denver, Colorado, USA. I am from the either New York City or New Jersey, depending on what's better for the story or the point I'm trying to make. I work at a company called Temporal. I run the front and engineering team. There are also the developers tool team. So the same team work on both the UI as well as like VS Code plugins and fun stuff like that. So today we're going to talk about React and TypeScript. So what is going to begin this course? And what do you need to know? One, you do not necessarily need to be. It's not like I am already a TypeScript master. And now I'd like to also learn how to use it with React. The expectation is that you've played with some React. You're from mostly familiar with React. And you have probably heard that TypeScript is supposed to be good. Type safety, that seems like a thing. And then you're probably like my origin story with this was, I think the first time I tried to use TypeScript was like 2016. Let's gray in my beard. More youthful experience. I've like let's yeah, let's try a strongly typed version of JavaScript. And that's great when you first try it out. And then like the second things get hard. You're like, or I could go back to JavaScript and just do whatever I want all the time instead of having a compiler yell at me. And so that was like the first two years. And then we're doing this big rewrite of this app in 2018. And we had already been living with this large code base. It was like one of those layer cakes. And so it had arails out. They had coffee script and jQuery. And then they put a React hat on top of that. And now we're going to rewrite the thing. And so changing that out in place, the team was like, we should probably use TypeScript. That seemed like the responsible thing to do in 2018, possibly. In 2022, almost definitely. And so it starts out like this. Like you do the easy mode. And then you come across some issue. And you either start throwing any types anywhere. Or B, you start just randomly copying and pasting stuff you find from the internet. And that is, I think we're a lot of us live for a long time. And so the goal of this course is kind of like, not only just go like, OK, this is what you do here. This is what you do there. But kind of two major themes, which is one kind of understanding some of these just like philosophical underpinnings of what we're doing and why. So we'll start out kind of slow and then ramp up. And then two, the main hypothesis that I'm going to try to push on you is that a lot of times the answer is literally in your editor. I'm going to be using VS code because I figure VS code Microsoft, and tell us, and it's Microsoft, timescript Microsoft, it all works together. I assume there are a lot of these who work in other editors as well. But that is kind of my experience. And so a lot of times actually using TypeScript in React and using a lot of the hints and just like features in your editor to kind of like have some introspection about what's going on is a lot of times the best way to figure out the path forward. A lot of times instead of like, all right, let me jump over into my web browser and look up the docs on TypeScript. You can actually just like hover over stuff sometimes and kind of get the answer. So if like there's one main skill that you get out of this, it is how do you kind of use your actual React and TypeScript app to learn how to use TypeScript in your React app. It's like a positive feedback loop. We're going to learn TypeScript through building React components. And I think that if you're like, I'm into this. There are definitely some other workshops that Front and Master has that cover like just purely TypeScript at in-depth. But this is kind of like learning through doing with a React application. At one point, when we start escalating out the complexity of things, we'll take a brief detour into like just enough TypeScript to keep you dangerous. Just to kind of go back into some of the more advanced stuff. And then we will jump into some more complicated patterns in React. A lot of the stuff in React in particular, which is you know, a lot of executed at runtime, you could have stuff like PropTimes. And we'll see that we'll convert some stuff from PropTimes in the very beginning. Where it's like, oh, it'll log to your console, only in development. And that's great if like for the actual view you're looking at. But a lot of times like if you have a large enough codebase, some more off in the distance, you might have broken something. And yes, in a perfect world, you have amazing tasks and everything is great. But it'd be really great if you're an editor immediately, you saw a little red squiggly line that told you, and you could just fix it right then and there. You think about unless you're better than me, the number of mistakes you make a day. If you can cut it from having to jump over and look at the console to just see it immediately, that's, you know, you can become a 10x developer. No. Also, more important to me is autocomplete. It's the idea that I will immediately start typing and it will tell me the rest of the answer. Because I have lost afternoons, I don't, maybe full days to like, miss spelling an action type in a redox or use reducer reducer. Or something along those lines. There's literally, like midway through the course, there is an issue where I was like writing the solution to an exercise and I made a stupid typo. I was doing it in like, without the types first so then show you. I was like, you know, I just had type script this entire time. This wouldn't have happened to me. So we'll kind of look at that as well. And then, you know, having worked on some very large code basis, it is nice, like this is before. If something changes somewhere else, you have multiple people working on a code base, having a lightning fast compiler to just find all these little things, all these edge cases, definitely make life easier and make it so that you do not get pageed. I do not like getting pageed, right? So that I wanted to pay some of the extra tax in this ceremony around setting up types and some of those extra things. A lot of the times, you know, another theme is that type script tries it's hardest to stay out of your way. And only kind of like steps in and sometimes feels a little bit pedantic. When your code is actually like less clear than you think it is. And so there's, I think we've actually seen this throughout like even third party libraries. Like a lot of code, now the type script is becoming more and more popular, is getting simpler and simpler. There's less magic a lot of times, right? So in a lot of ways, forces you to write simpler code and be a little less fancy. And I think that over time contributes to the quality of your code base. So with that, let's get into it. One of the things we have available for us is this fun little website. It has basically everything we're gonna say today and probably more as well as all of the different repose that we're gonna use. So if you wanna get ahead of the curve and clone and run an MPM install now, that's totally fine. You don't really have to. For some of the smaller ones, I'll put up some sandboxes and stuff along those lines. But generally speaking, you can kind of follow along with me as I'm going through stuff and we can kind of see some stuff together. So some of the big updates between version one and version two is React 18, right? And with React 18, there was a bunch of changes some of the types. So for instance, in React 17, we're not there yet. We'll point out when we get there. You could just use React.functial component. It was like a soon that you support children all those things and that doesn't work anymore in React 18. So there's lots of little things that are somewhat different between 17 and 18. There's a number of new helper utilities and just generally speaking, I think one of the things, if I compare even like 2016 typescript to 2018 to 2012, right, too, every release, stuff gets a little bit more powerful and a little bit easier. So in a lot of ways, there's both, a few things that you can't do anymore because they're no longer supported. And at the same time, a lot less ceremony and work and the helpfulness in the editor increases more and more. So even in V1, I was like, yeah, you should use the editor to figure out the right thing. And that was a mostly good approach. And I would say that these days that it becomes a really good approach. So I think doubling down on that skill is incredibly useful.