Let's start with a slightly simpler example. And one of the ways to make, one of the ways to show you how this has been helping you under the hood. Right? I go familiar with the DSLR link list. Yeah, it's a collection. One node points to the other one. Like an array, you have the entire array. If you need to work through it, you totally can. But if you need to put one in the middle, you've got it basically in C, at least, create a brand new array, like put it in. It still happens under the hood and JavaScript. But you do need to trick you to put one in. A link list is you have the first link, like on a chain link, that points to the next one, that points to the next one. Which means if you want to get to the 56 one, you have to go through all of them. But if you want to put a 43rd one in the middle, unlike a link, I'm back in. So it's just a data structure that is useful. It's one of those ones where it's almost like breast first search or death first search. You're like, I'm never going to need this. And then one day, you absolutely need it once. I say this is somebody who had to write a breast first search generator in JavaScript. That work on purpose. Cool, and it has written way too many compilers. And parsers for reasons I don't totally understand. I blame working on email editors and outlook. Anyway, so we said type, let's like a link or a link node. So we don't get confused with what links mean in the web. And we can say this could be, it's a way to say, I'm going to use the same valuable multiple places. Please store it somewhere. So we say link is T. And then the value should also be a T. And then a point to another one, which is a link node, optionally, because eventually this chain is going to have to end somewhere. A link node that is also the same T. And all the generic really does for you is to say, whatever T is, it should be the same T everywhere. And so if I say const, text node, and that is the type, not literally string. Let me cut that, too. But then you'll notice this angry at me, because it's like, hey, values missing in your empty object, but it's required. So we say value. Angry at me because it's hard to be a string. And then this one is saying like cool, you can point to another link node, but it also has to be a string. If this one started out as a number, it would have the same rules. And this is like, what we'll see in a second is how, some of the react stuff has been working for you. But generally speaking, so then we could say, like, is another link node with the value? No question mark that time though. And this one has to be a text node, because the first one was. So it's automatically casting it. It's already told you what this T needs to be based on the first T. Fine, fine, fine, whatever. That is roughly, you can think about them as variables for your type. That is not a wrong way of thinking about them. It's a little nuanced, but it's fine. The interesting part is the rule that we have repeatedly double clicked on to use a business term is if TypeScript can figure it out on your behalf, you don't want to tell it what to do. So let's try this. Create link, it's going to be a function. And it's going to take a value. And it's going to return that value in the array. So just hover over it as like, yo, I'm going to yell at you about that any. So now it's like cool, you got to return one of these. OK, well, what have I said? Oh, this guy would be at the function that returns that. Right? That will theoretically make whatever comes out known to be a link node. That's, I don't want to type that ever again, honestly. So the other way I could do that will get better and better at this type time goes on. I could say that, hey, I'm going to tell you that you should return a link node. Same basic effect. But what if I wanted to have link nodes for numbers? Objects. Raise. I don't like anything. I'm going to make a thousand of these. I'm going to create text node. I'm going to create like whatever. Like, no, I don't want to. What I want to say is yo, I'm going to tell you what the type should be. And what I want you to do is like make sure that I get the right type. So what I could say is one thing you have to do if you have JSX turned on. And this is why it's a little bit of a reactism. The compiler has a hard time figuring out. Is Steve talking about generic here? Or is he starting to write some JSX? Right? So if you did like that'll totally work. But if it's juz, and if you did, T and U, T sensor type, by the way, U is because it's a letter after T. That's the level of life sophistication. Like you'll see in the conventions. You can just put a comma to and like in JSX, if you're not using JSX, you don't have to do that. But like the compiler gets very confused about what is JSX and what is a type. So now we're saying, cool. There is this idea of T. And whatever T is, it better be the value. And it also better be the T in the link node. Right? And you're like, cool. Now it's a function that takes a T. And it returns a T. Right? Excited. Life's going on. I don't have any T's around. Where this becomes cool is, I can say, well, interesting. Both of those words. I'm not getting yelled at. string node. Oh, you're a link node. String. Another node. You're a link node with number. I'm not getting yelled at. String node. Oh, you're a link node. String. Another node. You're a link node with number. I didn't even have to use a generic in there. Right? If this reminds you of you state and user-dooster, this is effectively how they were working. Right? It's like, yeah, I'm a liberal arts major. But like, I was somewhat awake in algebra one. Right? Which is basically, TypeScript is trying to figure out how to solve 14. Cool. You've filled in the value. It figured out what T was, and then confirmed that the return value was also the same thing. Right? As long as you solve for one of these, as long as you give TypeScript again, that recurring theme, you do not need, if you find yourself writing a ton of boilerplate. Right? That is a moment to step back and reflect. The moment we talk on the break, sometimes you need to go for a walk to write better code. Right? It is a moment to go for a walk, because a lot of times, if TypeScript can figure it out, and sometimes it can't. API requests when you talk to a server. Yes, could use prototypes and generate types and import those types of things, cheating or importing the types. Generally speaking, if it's something external or something like that, or something that's coming from the user, like an input field, it could be a little trick or that hex code, where like, the IS hex code thing we did the IS. Like there's occasional times if you have to step in. As occasional times or arguments, we have to help out. But generally speaking, if you're writing good, especially with React, which has a very good battle-tested type system, if you find yourself running a lot of type stuff, that is a moment for pause and reflection. Right? So those are our generics, and we will see them on our journey to solve the create context issue that we have before. Are we ready to put that monster to bed? We are going to pull out some generics, a little what I said before about sometimes you see them. They make you want to cry a little bit. Is true.