Let's now let me know a little bit more about generic. We're going to look at one way to solve for that create context issue where we had to use as the force it. Pulling together a lot of the things that we have we've all picked up over the course of the last few hours together and kind of pull some of it together to solve for this issue. Now that we're armed with like generic and we can kind of like take a run at it. So I have this in place for now. I'm going to leave this code here for a second until it gets in my way. One of the things actually why don't I make myself a fresh file so I'm going to write next to it. I'm going to make my own create context. Wow, look at that. I'm only going to yell that because it doesn't like empty files. That's fine. I will make it not empty soon. So, where are right now? There we go. Create context. This is going to be in addition to react. And sometimes like this is a useful technique for other things as well. It's actually called the right thing. Talking and coding. Create context. Awesome. Everything's happy with me again. Others are left over stuff from previous typing. OK. So we want to be able to basically know about what the type should be at the same time that we have the information available to us. So like I said, this is going to pull in a bunch of different concepts. Most notably, it's going to pull in what we just learned about generics. It's also going to pull in what we learned about like reducing some of the cases, right? We saw the action type, which is the more of them that we called out and then returned values from. The like less options type script thought it had, right? So really what we need is a way that if it didn't know what properties were on this object, that by the time this function returns, it is confident, right, that it has the right thing. And there is some trade-offs here and we can talk about them. There was like, there was a perfect solution. I would argue that like most things like, like, way I feel about performance. If there was a, you should always do this. They would have just put it into the framework, right? We are like, everything they could have put in the microscope they did and every level of structure not we're only left with the weird edge cases and the specific applications of that at the very end. So like, welcome to being a software engineer. What do you want me to say? But the goal here is to kind of use a bunch of these different concepts to come up with a situation was like, all right, here's the context and I know that the value is what it is. So this, we're going to use a generic here. We'll call it T. You could call it C if you want to, I don't, whatever. Like, I'm going to do in the color app. It actually literally, this technique, I could have pulled up any app, it wouldn't really matter. I'm going to do in the color app because like I should fix it and where I did it and then you were in place of the items apps that you can do it there. But it's going to be the same in both apps so like, doesn't matter. So we're going to have this T and like the only thing I really care is like we saw that like value every time that we used it was an object. Right, that like it was either wrapping all the stuff for the items in that packing list app. It was either wrapping the hex color and other stuff there as well. So I think that's a fine here, we're going to say T, but I don't want to do it with like undefined or like null or anything like that. I want to at least assume that I'm going to get some kind of object, even if it's an empty object. I want to assume that this is some kind of object. You've had to don't know anything about it. So we'll say that T extends some kind of object, right? Like the very least, you could have more keys in this object, but at least that's to have that rough shape to it. That feels like a fair constraint to put on. Now technically the context API you can put in, you put it under fine. I don't know if you can put it in now. Yeah, I did earlier, you can put it in now. But like we're going to say that we're going to go through all this work. It's going to be something that we can swap out using it out of. Like it was just a static value like a string, then we don't need to do this at all, right? We only need to do this because we didn't have dispatch as a key on that object yet or said state or whatever. So like let's assume that we're pulling out this trick, it's going to be an object. So that's like step one. So then we want to create a context. I'm going to not pull things off of React because like if I say import in curly braces create context from React, I'm going to just like recreate that bug I had with RGB in the color app because like except if you read a fine in your constant I'll get yelled at and I don't feel like coming up with a new name for this. So we'll say we'll make a context inside this closure scope, right? Inside this function and we'll say, well make a context. I don't like before I call it a color context or item context like this is a generic helper. We'll say it is React.create context and we're going to say that we're going to give you a type that is either the one that we want with everything batteries included dispatch all the fun stuff. Or let's go on the generic. It's either going to be T or it's going to be undefined, right? Which is like what we did we either put an empty object or we did something it doesn't really matter. Right? Like the other half of this or statement could probably be anything you wanted because we're going to figure that. Undefined is nice and easy to check for so we'll go with that one. You could put if I put a man I don't know. We'll say it's either the one where the one we want or it's undefined. Which is not totally different than the problem statement we had earlier. And for now we're going to say it's undefined. Because we, yeah, now I need to make the like emitter abbreviation second. That's one day. It's like never I get bit and bite all the time. Never the day I want to do it. Maybe tonight is the day I want to do it. We'll see. Cool. So we've got this context and now like we don't. And this could be anything. We don't know what it is yet. And so what we want to say is we also need a use context or we basically need to create our own create context and our own use context. And they also need to live in this little encapsulated bubble. Because the problem we have before is if you remember we had context up here. And that was fine because we can then export stuff. So we had context up here. That was fine because then we could export stuff. But then we could only make the hooks inside of a reaction component. So the fact that they couldn't exist. Now in here we've got a function scope that is encapsulated. And then we can like package up and send places. And so what we can do is create our own use context. So here too. And use context. This one doesn't really like. This is going to be like kind of like a wrapper around the one in reaction. It's just like this is. We're basically using closure scope to like solve our own problems. Even though created problems from earlier. And like I've forgiven it. So we'll say that we'll have a guy call it something. We'll say calling it lower case context. We'll confuse everyone. And we'll make us all sad. I can we see it like I can't say uppercase lower case letters with words. So we'll say use context with this one up here. So this one implicitly already knows that any module exports before we had an export item context. We had export color context. And then in the one we pulled in reacts and we pulled in our other context. Here we have the advantage of we don't necessarily have to do that. Because we are living inside of a function. And like we don't get yelled at by react about using hooks outside of like function. So on and so forth. So we've got that in place. And so you're like okay cool cool like what if I don't need that braces use context is just that one yeah use context we'll have the CTX cool cool. And then like ideally return the context you'll see why this will blow up at me a second like and then what we're going to do is find a nice way to say I want to be able to give you that use context hook and the context provider so we can wrap our application with in one package that you can import everywhere that you want. You should spell return right that's key to making this work. Like right now this could still be it's like almost there there's a few little tweaks we need to do. Like we're going to have some kind of tea. It looks like we're going to have an array that could be a bunch of things. It could be a function that returns context or undefined that's our like use context hook or come back here. Or it could have a react provider that is T or undefined and that will be a array of infinite number of these use context hooks and context providers. Well one we know that if we can lock down an array it's not an infinite array of any of these right it can be a static one two things the first one is this the second one is that. That's just simply putting. So now this is not an array of many of these things it is an array. This is like use state. The first thing is always the state and the second one is always set state. Here we're going to say now we have a over it. Okay cool this is getting better already still we haven't solved the core problem yet. We've just like moved the problem around a little bit. And so here we have all right we've got tea it should extend some kind of object right and it's going to return this two element arrays. It's top of tuple. I have never decided which one I like to both appropriate to say. I think I'm going to say tuple because from New Jersey and that just feels right. The first one is effectively the same signature as a use context hook and or the value of the use context right it's t or undefined which is okay. And the provider has t or undefined so we know if we can like end one of these branch timelines. We can eliminate one of these options right and so really I wanted to say like go this is always going to be t and I want you to be confident that it's always going to be t right and previously we've done that is like return out early with a different JSX element or something like that. Unfortunately if we return out early and we don't have a value that doesn't do us much good. So the question is and this is a JavaScript meditation for a hot minute and like 50 points for anyone who can guess it like there are three ways to get out of a function one you run out of code right that line 13 that's one way to end a function get to the bottom of it line 12 is the second way to get out of a function return right I can return online five and be out right there is a third way to get out of a function that does not have a return value right I think break it's you're a loop I don't think break it's you're a function but roll throw right if I throw an error and I don't catch it out we go right so what I can do is say like and like listen if for some way somehow and have error boundaries set up in your react up if what the chat yield I think only gets me out of a generator thrown error is is probably is the in my opinion the best way does right so we're saying there shouldn't be a world we saw before where like our context is undefined if so like let's deal with that right and say that we're going to like hidden air boundary catch that error somewhere deal with our application code to say like if you use this we will confirm that T exists so that for the rest of our application you can also know that T exists so we'll say if Ctx I I'm not gonna talk ill of the GoPro programming language I don't like short variable names I don't even like it on my types convention I live with it for me I'm a cool variable name that's like 42 characters long I have auto complete you know that I like my auto complete all right so if Ctx is undefined right then what we're gonna say is you know get us fancy as you want here I'm gonna make this a tempo string it's undefined like the most likely case with this happens is the value never got passed in when we set it up before I've seen worse error messages in my life cool so now we're gonna create the context we're gonna see did anything come out of this context if something came out and it's not undefined and we get passed really this the dependable we want to say we get passed either we get passed the conditional we get passed the throw it's really a philosophical question but if we get through this conditional statement right because up here Ctx is T are undefined we're saying yellow if you're undefined yellow at the person writing the code get out which means by the time we get here it can only be one thing right so now if we hover over this this is a use context function that will give you T or like it's you know it'll throw and like the provider itself can be T you're undefined but like we know that when you pull the value out of this we're gonna be good to go right and now we can actually have that typing for the very beginning yeah is there on the cert in thipscript look at your place it would so like the type script itself does not have any like powers to do anything in your code right like when you like you know run the build process it's gone right it's all JavaScript at the end of the day it is only like kind of hovering around your JavaScript like you cannot it's like it cannot metal itself in the affairs of mortals right it has to like kind of just hover over and check to make sure everything's okay and you know but it can't actually do anything yourself which sometimes is annoying right um like I can't I could make a type out of a value but I couldn't make a value out of a type because like type script cannot impact the world of JavaScript right it lives in the shadows cool metaphors I did not expect to pull in today but here we are