I would love to give this a type. But as you can see, I have some things that have to work out here. Well, it could have any one of these strings. And it has a payload. Om if and om if. It's update draft count. The rest of them, like it doesn't have a payload. And you're like cool, cool. At least you can get auto-complete on the type. And make sure you have the right properties. Wait. So there's a bunch of ways that I could do this. The most naive way, which we'll skip to the second one, the most naive way is to like, every case. We'll have an increment action type. And we'll have a decrement action type, so on and so forth. The cool thing about TypeScript and its ability to figure stuff out, we've kind of saw this before, where we said, like, if there's no quote, return, and then a new what quote was, you can give it some information about the problem at hand, and it can kind of figure out the rest. So I could say, like, I could have, like, say type. I don't know, I would call it like, let's just call it a, let's call it action. And this action can have the type increment. I might break this, I could break this out on this on type. The increment, decrement, reset, let's see what the other ones. The ones that didn't take payloads, I think we're just then update count from draft. Cool. I've got watch for input and that cursor. And I can paste this in, right? And those don't have a type. And then the one that had a type is going to be a little bit different. Which is type actual payload. And in this case, we'll say that the type is just this one. And we'll go ahead and say the payload, in this case, is a number. Cool. I've got put some equal signs in there, or else things won't work. And where did I leave dangling code, otherwise? Down here, where I got stuff like half done. So we'll take that out for a minute. Yeah, because that's from my previous iteration earlier. We'll get all that wired up in a second. That's just a half written cool. We'll pull that back in. What I want to show you is a few things. I was going to rewrite this one, for instance. Let's take out the body of it, so I can use it again. Actioned up type. Yeah. Let's actually pull out all these for a moment. Oh, I didn't replace the any. So let's do both. We'll say that this is now either one of these actions. Or that action with the payload. And if you look at some of the redox prints, this has abstractions to figure this out. If you use their create action in redox toolkit, it'll automatically type stuff for you. But now, let's look at what happens. In my reducer, as I'm right on this logic, I go action equals, or action type. You see a new type equals, oh, look at this. Because I've missedpelled things before, and it falls through. Right? I can do like increment. Cool. And then we'll say, we'll pay set in. And then check this out. Action, type equals equals equals equals. You know what's not on that list? Increment. Why is not on that list? Because I already returned from that. So it's not an option anymore. Cool. And so you can imagine now as I bring these all back in. And I say, if action type is got nothing for me. Because at this point, action.type is never. Because you handled all the cases that could possibly be. And then, if I go in here, and I want to dispatch an action, cool, I get type immediately. I get all the values. But let's say use increment. And I want to put a payload in. It's like, no. Because that's not one of the ones that takes a payload. Or more importantly, let's say that I want the one that takes a payload. And I forget that it takes a payload. It's like, yo, you can't do that one. And so the amount of just mental space that you do not need to reserve for keeping track of that complexity, it's just handled for you. Because the union type of action, action, payload, is like, cool. If this first part matches, then it matches the fact that it has no payload. Moving on, if it matches this one, then it has to have a payload of a number. So types of who kind of does some algebra to figure this all out for you. And of all the possible combinations, right? It is not a combination where you have increment and a payload, and there's not a combination where you have update, draft count, and not a payload. So as you go to use it, if you're saying that it is the union of these two types, then you get the fact that it will figure that out based on the information that it has. And that's kind of above me on is my number or number, where you start to like cap into a lot of the power here, as well, and everything is kind of like keeping track. And so some of those silly mistakes that you might make, and as well as ones, if you have not made that thing already, you definitely will. And I think the other really cool thing is then also one of the criticisms of producers, and particularly, like, you know, populate with the criticism of like, redox, was that there was a lot of boilerplate, right? To stop yourself from mistyping an action, what people used to do is const increment. This is the best use of my time at my salary level, right? And then, because if you misbellish a variable name, JavaScript yells at you. But now you can't misbellish. You can, but you will immediately know, right? And so a lot of the extra work is solved for you as well, right? And like having an autocomplete when just using dispatch, like either A, like, removes like the need, and a lot of cases for simple cases for action creators. I still like them because you can do a thing where it's like, hey, automatically type the action for me based on stuff, right? Like, I'll show you an example, if we get a second later, where there is create action in Redox toolkit that's like, hey, just give me a function about how, like, what arguments it takes and like, what it's spent out, and I'll give you the type for the action immediately. But a lot of cool stuff, but like, some of the power of one, saves you and code, you're gonna type anyway, to make your, like, producer safe. But then also, like, I have made the mistake of, like, miss typing a case. The other kind of example, and I'm gonna see if I have one, like, written up, or yeah, we can, now I gotta write it myself, but like, I'll do a simplified version. So we'll comment this out for a second. And I could theoretically get away without the return states since all cases are handled if it was a FLs, but I'll show you where this also becomes powerful. So we all know that the best practice in switch statements is to have a default case, right? So we do switch action type, we'll do case. Oh, I love this. All right, and like, I don't know. We'll just return the initial state each once I don't have to, like, remember how to add numbers. Deckerment. So we do, yeah, return the state, because I like, off script, so we'll find out together. See, let me have a stick in there. Probably made a boobo. I'll pull it out in a second, because I greatly prefer if else is, so my like ability to write a switch statement is slightly less and great, but like a lot of times, it'll say like, yo, you don't even need the default state, right? Like, it is called a little figure out that it was never. See, I have a screenshot of it, but like, I don't know what looks about the same. Maybe it's because I didn't write real implementations in here. But the major point versus watch me do a switch statement repeatedly is that like, you know, analyze the code to figure out, have you dealt with all the cases? Are you aware that everything is gonna happen here? Right, and then like, figure it out for you, like, in the same way that like action type became never, right? You can have a world where also like, you don't need a default case, because it knows that it hit every single case along the way. You can't dispatch a bad action that would pass through, because it knows what the valid actions are, and it will analyze your code as you pass it in. You can't forget a payload on a valid action, if it requires one, and even though it's a less bad scenario, you can't accidentally put a payload on the wrong action, right? Which is sometimes we'll catch you of like, you know, even like, let's be clear, like, we're update count from draft, and update draft count, my two best names ever. Probably not, right? Even as I was live coding, was I like slightly where I was gonna mess one of those up at some point. Absolutely, right? But the idea that I couldn't dispatch a wrong action with a payload is incredibly powerful, right? And we can kind of have all of that in place. So let me put back my flses, because like, like, them more, honestly. And I'm not rewriting that code. I'm not rewriting ad in front of you over and over again. So we can pull this in, right? And I know that I've got types safety here, right? And there's a bunch of like really interesting, like, don't know if I can do it from scratch, but like, I'll try to get like the concept of it enough, like, okay, like we can go look at these different objects and like derive a type from it. I probably can't do it live. I can look it up in a second from the last time I wrote it. Oh, we can look at create, create action from Redox Toolkit. But like there are other ways that you don't even have type this much, but like to, you know, your question earlier, getting all that stuff for free and Redox Toolkit, because like, react Redox and Redox Toolkit were rewritten in TypeScript a year or two ago, right? So they have like full typeScript support out of the box. You get all this for free. So would I get like super fancy, would like crazy dynamic types if I was just like doing a form validation? No, all right. Like the last thing I'll show you at the end of this workshop is like this crazy thing you can do polymorphic components and like even the like example that inspired it, I went to look at their Sarah Scone, they just, they have a hard code at list, right? Sometimes it's just easier to be explicit than to be totally dynamic. So for a short thing like this will give you all the safety and it will stop you from the stupid mistake that I made. And it's not that much more work than like the safeguards we were putting regular JavaScript. Plus you get all the complete in that sense. Plus it will protect you from extra properties in a way that even a lot of our safeguards don't. Because like, yeah, it could be like, okay, well throw an error. Yeah, that's like, that's great in development. Right, like you gotta be a little bit careful about how much your throwing errors around when you push it to production, right? Because like taking the whole UI down is usually not great. But it's usually frowned upon. So like it gets a little bit trickier, but like the amount you get for free by just one, I think we saw two things. What an enable due to you. It infected everything. And it made us like I made a booboo preparing this. And two, like just the amount of like, even auto complete and knowing that I handled all the cases and stuff along those lines, is incredibly powerful. And this is my point that I made earlier in the workshop that, yeah, having to have the type and not just doing whatever you want, I guess is like a slightly more typing, pun unintended. But like the payoff of typing you saved later and also weird head scratching errors, you have to throw console logs in. I'm aware that the bugger exists, I don't care. Like saves you later.