And so the cool part, you can also do some interesting things like give yourself custom hooks as well that wrap around this. You actually have to pull in dispatch either and that'll all theoretically work as expected. But we do have to do a little bit of what I think is fair to define as shenanigans in order to get the context API to work. Now again, for those of you who agree with me in the chat and like in the room that like forcing it is not great, but maybe acceptable, like we will look at another option in the other way. But what I would challenge you to do is we have another example, the packing list app, they'll show you real quick. Where you're going to try it out. The twist on the theme this time is that it's just going to use use state. So the same idea, but instead of dispatch, we're going to use state. The nice part is it does save you from having to do that, react to dispatch, react dot, set state action, and then the type because you're just going to pass. You'll have to do it in the context once, but then you'll have it in place. The only thing that I need to call out is that there is a with TypeScript branch that you have to use. This is the application that was in case we felt like porting out from JavaScript to TypeScript also existed, but there is one with TypeScript totally set up. So if you look in here, like I did some of this setup already, it just simply because no one needs to watch me retipe the same stuff. I just typed, so we've got the create context. It started out with a null. I've got the provider set up, just triple checking. It has wrapped around the index component. Most of the non-typiscar parts are set up for us. So now we can kind of do the other piece, which is I can pull in all of these helper methods that I'll need as well. We can say that this will start out as initial. We'll get initial state, get initial items. And so like that is the initial part, none of this has hooked up to anything. It's still a null getting passed through and all those things. Like the non-typiscar parts of this other than the fact that the use state for having an array that we saw earlier, but actually this returns an item array. So like if you had a function that always promised it was going to return, not, not, promises a tricky word. Not return a promise that has a, like the ntypiscar would then cast it in just as we saw before. But just to be explicit here it is. So that's the context of the we just saw a second ago. Let's pull in these state management pieces from application because we're going to move it in here. That's already in place, but we'll grab it. And these are all the things that we're going to pull out as well. And I'm not going to say that file yet because it's going to start crashing stuff. But we can pull it in to context tsx and just make it available so we can stop the propgeline and paste it all in. Now there is a little surprise in there. You're staring closely enough and you can see it. If not, I will make it obvious to you in a moment. But we have this in place. And so we've got all these features. So now what we really want to do is be able to kind of like pass those through all of the context. So really before when we're just using the reducer, there's just one dispatch, right? Because we can't just batch all sorts of different actions, we need to have some kind of method for each one. We need some way of bundling these all together in order to thread them through the context API. So we can say, in this case, we'll say, like, const value because that's going to be with pass in to the provider down there. And we'll say that this is like items and it's our unpacked items, it's our packed items. And we've got, was it? Add of day, remove and then mark all as unpacked. Right. Let's take a look at this second. Mark all as unpacked. So that'll be everything bundled together real nicely and we can pass it in to here. This is where the yelling starts because it's like, yo, you told me value is no, yeah, that's true. So here we'll say like, but as what? Before I could just say dispatch with the action types here, I can't, right? This is one of the reasons like I like user reducer a lot, especially because the number of things I'm doing, like, this is the case where again, like, I might have reached for but I wanted to show you both because like sometimes you fight the army with, you fight the battle with the army you have, right? One of the things I could do is literally, again, to kind of hit that running theme rather than rack my head and sit there and try to like get it right and watch my code knock and pile. The answer a lot of times is just stealing it from your own code, right? Let types of give you the answer so that you can give the answer somewhere else. So we can grab this and I can make this his own type, right? I can call it like. Now we have this and we can see that like, this is verify that those are both the same thing, right? Cool, because we don't get a compiler, this is how we know that they are both valid. And they are the synpatico with each other. So that all kind of works, there are fun things that you, if these were in the same scope, you could do stuff like, I don't even know if you can write a type inside of a smaller scope, I'll just show it, yeah, I'm pretty sure it's where I'm getting out of that. But like I'll show you what this looks like if it was up and out of there, you could say type, right? And that will figure out, oh, type of value. And you can see that that is a way to figure out the type based on an object. This is a regular all JavaScript value. It has determined the type and it's allowing me to then make a type on the fly dynamically. That said, we still have that closure scope problem that we had before. So both work, I use this a lot, especially with arrays, like for like statuses, like we have a bunch of labels of like running, paused, terminated, I want those to be types, so I can make those union types like you saw with the actions. But I also need them as values that I iterate over. So a lot of times I'll do like loading error, success, for whatever it is. You can do as const, which means this isn't array that's never going to change. It's kind of like when we saw a number number number, like this is not an array that you can push onto or pop off of, this is a static array. And then if you did, you would get this full array. But then if you did, that's the key of type of status. Yeah, this will give you the full array of them that you can kind of like pick one of in this case. And then if you said for arrays, the keys are numbers, think I got it. You see, I got a union type based out of that array, right? So this is saying like go through all the keys, which are numbers, one, two, three, gives you a status. Now I can like set them very clearly based on this. So if you have a value that you need to use in JavaScript and then also a type, you can kind of dynamically derive the type from the value. But if not just a, you cast your types on the values, you can also pull types out of values as well. Cool. But we're going to do the copy-face method for now, because again, we want that in the top level scope and this also, I think it's a little bit more saying for our purposes. So pass it in and we can say that, listen, this is going to be everything I promise I'm going to do it two lines from now. And again, we will look at another solution in a second. But we have it in place. It's like honestly, this one does work. When I show you the other one, you might still choose this one, that's why I'm keeping it for a while. So we've got that in place, it's getting past through. Everything seems mostly good. Applications, anger, because they literally removed all these functions. So we're going to still have to do that refactor, absolutely. But we will do it with the aid of types of scripts in this case. So could I, this one's just getting items and showing the count. This one has one function. Could I thread them through with use dispatch? I totally could. You can later. I'm going to do the ones that have multi-depth of layers of items, item lists to the individual item to actually showing that to having the actions on the right buttons. I'm going to do the two item lists. These aren't really worth it. But I can pull them in here. So we'll say, use context, export everything. I don't have a button here. I'm going to grab just items and we'll see how they're just marked all of this on the right. Cool. So you can see these are happy. I don't need to pass these props through anymore. Because I can pull them where I need them. Let's actually pass these into. Well, wait. I can just reuse the same component. Cool. I still anger with me because it was expecting update and remove. So we can say, hey, wait, what if you just didn't worry about this anymore? And then we don't have to pass them in here. And again, it's kind of just following the errors. It's a little cathartic at times. Versus, I don't have enough tests. Let me keep checking so on and so forth. You can just follow the compiler as through. I don't need them here. We'll keep that because we're ready to use that function on the end second. And they don't need to be in the type. So now here we can do use context. Let's update and remove. Awesome. And if we go fire up the app. And again, other than what I'm dealing with third party libraries, where I forget that they need a certain string. Will I open a poll request saying that if there's no hashtag at the beginning, maybe try that first before you blow up. I might later. Just for glory. And or my own business understanding of closure scope for a hot minute there. Generally speaking, I can feel confident just in my editor without the need to like jump back and forth. Should you have tests? Absolutely. You should have tests. Do you need as many for all these edge cases? Like I was feeling comfortable. And a lot of times while I'm using TypeScript, I feel comfortable just doing the refactor. So now we can see that we can update one. We can remove it. I'm going to sort of stream with me. There it is. It's bottom. Cool. Everything works. I can check boxes. I can edit a name. Awesome.